that telephone just rang and rang and rang .
i have been very happy with e-groups and have never had any problems other than there routine maintenance where they have to take their site down for a few hours .
( hey bozo , you wo n't honor your promotions because i do n't trust you any more when you put my money in somebody else 's account ? )
etrade has done ok by me for the least-involved ira decision possible .
the managing director of umuc europe is reported to publish student 's names , social security account numbers , and addresses on the world wide web .
the statements and confirmations that get mailed to me are very clear and concise and always on time and that has not changed since i opened my account ; i have stayed on with them since they really have n't made mistakes that may have caused me to lose money .
i have since then had cause to cancel my account and contact a lawyer for help getting out of the trouble e * trade got me into .
e * trade site is well thought out and contains truly all the information one needs to day trade , invest in mutuals , bonds or simply have a checking account with a good money marketing interest rate ( varies from 4 to 6 % but still beats any non interest checking : - ) .
the school recruits faculty my having them pay to take a class , then line them up on unsuspecting online students .
while i do sometimes have fun with these groups , the most fun comes from the group free4us .
the instructor also could n't spell or write effectively which was a major turn-off to his qualifications .
to this point , the instructors have been engaged , providing significant feedback , and well qualified .
the chat feature is just fun .
well , after a year of trading i must say that i have been very disappointed with the service .
sure the academic department is a pain in the ass , as well as the financial department .
i would think that it is hard to manage a school with so many students all over the world .
yahoo demands that to access the list management sections of our groups we owners must take on a new yahoo id .-.-. like they ca n't do as egroups has always done - accept our email addy and password for login .
additionally , there were mistakes in the documents , and e * trade informed us at the closing that we needed a cashier 's check for an amount that had n't been previously disclosed to us .
if you want to buy from me , paypal is the best way to do it if you want your product now .
the new site is nice and works quite well ( looks pretty ) .
i like the fact that at egroups you have options .
i am a member of many groups and feel that they are the best way to meet like-minded people .
while i think that egroups is the best server for mailing lists their recent merger with yahoo has left many egroups users dissatisfied .
secondly , and more seriously , e-trade attempts to pick your pocket when you trade " penny " stocks .
uop is not perfect - we had a couple professors that were not great ( most of our professors were very good , with relevant , current field experience ) , and my financial aid counselors did change constantly .
it shocks me that half of the people that degrade this college can hardly type a crappy review without misspellings , errors and just plain stupidity .
its on-line program , the first in the world , has proven this is a viable route for many people to earn a higher education , in fact most colleges are scrambling to follow its lead .
the other change is these so called " knowledge tests " .
on the plus side , the costs are reasonable especially for the buy-and-hold investor or the frequent investor ( discounted trades ) .
egroups have good customer service contact , for example if you lose your password , they are pretty quick to send you and email to change it .
capella is nothing but a diploma mill .
until i sent them several e-mails and i spent a lot of time on the phone with some acrimonious chick ( i hung up on her ) and then with a pretty pleasant guy , i could not get them to refund me the money .
part of the fun is exploring and using all the features of ecircles !
the manager was rude , snappy , and cut me off in mid-sentence .
i am a good technician , and uop improved my understanding of the interaction of business and technical aspects of our field .
the etrade web site is so friendly and easy to understand there 's no way to get confused while navigating the site .
this site doesnt have nearly as much personality as yahoo or theglobe.com 's globeclubs .
never the less , the bank offers free on-line bill pay that not only saves money , but also add convenience .
i recommend this site to anybody .
i would not recommend capella to anyone .
so anyway , once again , now that egroups has moved their ads in the messages from the top to the bottom i have changed my rating of them from 1 to 5 stars .
from a reliabality point of view , i think that e * trade is probably the one of the most rock-solid brokers available .
egroups also allows you to set up polls so you can do surveys ( if you are the moderator ) .
onelist members , now also egroups members , have more storage space for bigger communities , 20 mb of it to share files and pictures .
i highly recommend this service to anyone with e-mail !
my financial aid was processed in good time , the grants and loans in good time , and my disbursement in good time .
secondly , the classes are not watered down at all .
they may add a new feature here or there , but for the long term user , the constant changing can make it harder for users to keep track of the features they use .
overall i give ctu a b - .
the text books have been good but again , some better than others .
i am surprised that the school remains accredited .
the e-trade knowledge center can make investing for the first time a whole lot less intimidating , and i 'd rate the amount of research available to the user as above average .
this service is great for planning parties or keeping in touch with family and friends .
i made so many good friends on this list !
egroups/onelist claims over a hundred refinements to their system and here are some of them .
i 've had no problems with any of the online transactions , but whenever i have needed even the slightest bit of assistance from a live person , i have been shocked and appalled by the unresponsiveness and inability of e-trade to resolve very basic issues .
i contacted technical support , and really received no help whatsoever .
i do have a few complaints about this site .
i finally got hit with this inactivity fee ( i had ~ $ 9940 in my account ) .
i took accounting and was lost through out most of the course because i found it difficult to teach it to myself .
i will wait and see what classes they accept and if not enough i will not sign up for classes but so far i have had a very positive experience .
i must admit that i had my doubts during the first couple of classes .
* unless you trade in high volumes and maintain a high account , do n't think that e * trade is your route to ipo access
with egroups , you do n't have to be an expert to build and manage your community .
email messages were short and non-personal ( the type of emails people send you when they are busy and don ?
talking to other e * trade users , their customer support has apparently improved over the last few months .
not to mention their customer service is second to none and i am truly appreciative of online education .
umuc was much better 3 or 4 year ago , but those people have moved on to better lives , better jobs , or whatever .
i have little good to say about the administration here in il as opposed to oh , but that is the trade-off .
i have made so much more money and gotten so many more hits since i joined egroups .
there are slight quirks in the interface - such as when you are in the portfolio section , the only way to get to the trading screen is to select to buy/sell one of your holdings - or you have to go to the investing root node - you ca n't get right to a trading screen or the open orders screen .
i 'm midway through a phd in organization and management at capella .
one of the best features is that when doing turbotax online , etrade is one of the brokers that can automatically integrate to get the tax information .
unlike ameritrade , the money invested in e * trade is not insured and theoretically it could disappear if something happens to the company .
i had to ' marry ' each of these egroup accounts with a yahoo !
great follow up on finding employment opportunities .
it is remarkable to me that it is taking e * trade so long to correct this error , when it only took them a few minutes to create it .
if is very easy on the eyes and easy to identify the navigation system .
trades are also not executed quickly .
i would say about 4/5 teachers were competent professionals and hard-working teachers .
i took on uop knowing full well the work load would be heavy , but it was going to be well worth it for accomplishing my goals .
the last thing i would like to bring up is that egroups does not discriminate .
my biggest problem with uop is not the staff , quality of education or price , it is the fact that they have turned the degree that i have worked so hard for into an almost embarrassment for me to admit to .
financial aid was available and was not difficult to obtain as long as you were diligent in submitting the required paperwork and followed up with your counselor .
the parent company of ctu online is career edu corp , a for-profit company .
this service is so flexible .
my little group of students and extended family really enjoyed ecircles while we were small .
a while back , i got lured into switching to e * trade ( it was those frequent-flyer miles , that 's what did it ) -- within a month i was back at datek .
email response is good , but it 's still about a day 's wait .
i see etrade stepping out in the next few years as the dominant internet broker , as long as they continue to better their site and ask their customers what they want .
anyone can teach anything at umuc seems to be the policy .
this hurts my grade slightly , but i read enough illiterate material at my job .
your first hurdle will be getting money into your account .
there is a lot of helpful free information at your fingertips .
they offer so many different lists and you can easily decide what lists are for you by what you like.not only are they wonderful at maintaining a good community of lists in all categories and topics but they also have a chat function to enable you to actually chat with fellow list members .
the university of phoenix for me has been just great !
ive had well over half of my classes taught by completely ridiculous professors , some of which truly puzzled me as to how anyone in the world could actually hire this person --- incompetent administration sometimes i truly am amazed whenever i have to visit any of the various departments , particularly student finance .
egroups is one of my favorite websites for that reason .
i enrolled and was accepted into the mba program and was greeted by many happy , helpful people that went the extra mile to get me enrolled in the university .
i have n't ever met a supervisor that would take the side of a badly behaving employee .
egroups is easy to join and easy to post .
etrade seemed like a great choice for an online broker .
i ended up leaving the uop and had to enlist the services of my congressional leader since the uop assumed they were going to keep my $ 1400.00 credited to my account .
even for de you still have to go stand in line for an hour or so to register for your classes .
often times , the trade confirmation takes unusually long ( when this happens , do n't hit sell/buy again or you 'll end up buying or selling more than you wanted to ) .
i also like the fact that e-trade has email alerts on their website .
further , i have found it difficult to get representatives on the phone .
like lucky charms cereal , they made the check magically reappear in my account after three weeks and numerous calls to the customer service center and being put on hold for 45 minutes each time to talk to an unhelpful customer service rep .
it gets a bit tiresome constantly requesting a single real-time quote over and over for 5-10 minutes when you 're trying to get an exact idea of what a stock 's momentum is at a given moment .
i thought devry was great !
overall though paypal is an excellent service and i would definitely recommend to anyone , in fact i do when someone involved in a auction does n't use/accept it i will recommend they sign up .
i also here a lot of complaints directed at the faculty and staff at umuc-ed .
i 've found that the smaller groups are not very active .
that was until my last session with devry and they sent back my entire disbursement rather than use part of it to pay my balance thus leaving me in debt with them and no way to pay it .
four or five of us managed to overcome the anonymity of our chat rooms to take action : a formal letter to the administration which went totally unanswered .
( a traditional school by the way ) and was told that many online degrees are considered useless by employers but certain schools like the university of phoenix and a few others are just as respected as any other degree .
people that do not like to get tons of e-mail , although you have a preference here of web only , individual em ails , and digest .
this money market would earn twice the interest of a standard savings account , and the interest was not taxable .
here are my top 5 reasons against using e * trade .
basically an easy " a " and every class .
i like the idea of how the online schedule works around your schedule , and not the other way around .
pick ctu if you want a fast paced track to your degree and the degree is n’t too technical .
sure , it has some bugs , but they are consistent and there are few surprises .
it is easy to use , there are thousands of interesting email lists to join , and if you ca n't find a list that suits you , just start your own .
their trade prices are not the lowest ( 14.95 for market nyse orders and 19.95 for limit or nasdaq orders ) .
e * trade makes available a variety of customer service
another big feature at ecircles is the game area .
i checked on my next 3 classes and there was absolutely nothing relevant to accounting besides the importance and history .
etrade is now one of the more expensive places to trade .
they do however use bea tuxedo which is pretty much the benchmark in transaction servers .
photo albums ( with a new baby , this is a great feature )
i use internet explorer and their webpages do not well with ie .
well with egroups you can do all that and much more !
i have heard of delayed or failed executions from other services , but fortunately have not experienced it with etrade .
i have found that many of my list members are confused with the web polling .
so , enroll at umuc and have your personal identification information published online at umuc.blogspot.com
i use other sources for this because for some reason e * trade rarely has the most recent news stories on stocks .
this is the biggest reason i decided not to go to this school .
anyone that would rate uop online with 5 stars is not being truthful .
i do n't particularly like the chat rooms , i find them to be quite slow , but that 's just me : ) i know of others who really like this feature .
within yahoo groups , there is a group for almost every topic imaginable .
uop is a good school either online or going to the ground campus .
yahoogroups allows you various options .
making trades is easy and the speed of execution is satisfactory although not as fast as the consistently top-ranked online brokerages with
one service of great potential interest is e-trade mail , internet-based e-mail available to anyone who visits the site .
even with the ability to get discounts because i have a relative in a full service firm , i still come out way ahead with e-trade .
despite my very strong preference for their online tools , their awful customer service has driven me to close my accounts and move to another brokerage .
ctu online is a great alternative .
with mapquest ( and yahoo maps which is powered by mapquest ) , all you need to do is type in the starting address and the ending address and you are given turn by turn directions .
if you subscribe to a busy egroup with lots of members , your inbox will probably be flooded with hundreds of email for you to wade through everyday .
you have full control over who joins yout group and , if you want , you can ban obnoxious people from joining .
i chose e-trade because of their reputation for being reliable .
if you have a yahoo account , you can use it to join , which makes it rather simple .
as i mentioned earlier egroups offers this service for free while many others often charge a monthly or yearly fee .
all i know is , the first class i took i liked and want to continue at umuc because the quality of my degree discipline has been good and proven commendable so far .
egroups is easy to use and they do n't sell your email address to anyone that i know of because i have n't been spammed by anyone yet .
this service that i use is called yahoo e-groups , and it is quite a lot of fun .
just a short insider bit of info i got from a friend that works there : umuc-europe employees get paid roughly half of what their counterparts in the states get paid and , given that they are much less resourced , do twice the work .
sucking you into enrollment is just about the only thing this school is good at .
i did notice that e * trade does not supply you with postage paid envelopes to send in deposits like vanguard does .
egroups is pretty decent i would say as a online email center for writing email to groups of people .
finally , the system is easy to use and manage .
the research is a bit pathetic .
chats tended to be worthless drivel of some instructor simply reading out of a book or off slides .
best of all , private groups are kept private , which is n't always possible with other mailing list sites .
egroups just was n't for me .
one or two of my courses were just lousy ( programming and project management -- yet i got an a and a b + respectively , so i 'm not saying this out of misplaced resentment ) .
to join e groups you have to register and put in the e-mail address where you want your e-mail to go to .
the site has many , many features that are so good , but i thought i would focus on why this site is unique and what it offers in a way that other financial sites may not offer .
egroups allows me to ask others for advice on issues that i want to learn more about , as well as share my advice or ideals with others in need of my knowledge .
money market checking account - terrific .
it 's a great learning environment but not for the weak .
although i praise e * trade , my experience has n't been flawless .
the site itself can be difficult to connect to at peak times , and trades sometimes take a long time to execute .
my last two classes were the absolute worst for teacher quality .
the first month we were scheduled to close , e * trade failed to ship the documents in time .
one negative issue i have with the school is the incessant online marketing campaign .
i recently had an instructor in my biology class who was tough .
i have over all been very impressed with ctu , i feel where people are messed up is when they try to rely on this degree to get them a job ( putting in no effort ) , or they enroll with out any experience in the field .
some of my email lists do hiccup occasionally , and when yahoo !
if you want a degree that is respectable in the world of online colleges , ctu is better than most , atleast ctu is a brick and motar school and has been for over 40 years .
i just finished my bachelor of science/business management at uop and i am now getting ready to start the mba program at uop .
i will never use etrade again .
despite my few complaints egroups is a wonderful company and i would recommend them to almost anyone .
get rid of all the ridiculus programs that we have no facilities for ; namely the gsp , hmit , bmet , bmi , etc.etc .
over the past few years , i have been increasingly horrified by e-trade 's customer service .
i would like to say that university of phoenix is one of the best online programs out there .
besides some pain in the butt financial aid issues that were resolved my education at devry has been great .
class syllabuses are dictated by the university , and instructors frequently use this as an excuse for a poor class .
the adminstration of the school needs to get fired .
the majority of the instructors in the graduate business program were very good to excellent , however at any institution ( top ivy league institutions included ) there are bound to be a few bad apples and uop is no exception .
i have met some wonderful ladies and built a great network of support .
some moderators are looser than others ; some groups allow a broader range of stuff and allow e-conversations to wander off-topic a bit before saying anything .
the courses are not easy , however , they are not difficult either .
i found capella to be very unprofessional with the way they handled this .
i have called them on these deals several times and each time the excuses were more fantastic than the previous one .
phone response time is terrible .
as a stay at home mom i have joined several groups relating to mothers and the problems we face .
e-trade is going down ... leave the boat while you can .
i was wrong ; i assure you , online learning at capella was the most difficult form of education i have undergone !
i have made many great friends through the groups i belong to .
when i first joined ( even before this new site ) , i noticed that navigation was extremely easiy .
e-trade continues to satisfy my needs as a trader/investor who tends to make decisions too emotionally and whose success is mixed .
even though yahoo has had a full year to work out the kinks , it still is n't unusual to receive a message a full day after it 's posted .
i love the idea of this site , and i used to love the site itself , but lately i 've had nothing but bad experiences with mapquest .
this was not a program for anyone who wanted to slide by because the other students would rat you out quickly .
i had unresponsive teachers including one who praised participants for the wallpaper they used in their postings but ignored the content .
what the uop offers to career adults , with the promise of flexible education , is great .
if anything , the classes can be extremely demanding for a working professional as myself .
how nice the staff and administration are is secondary to getting a proper and useful education .
the theory is a good one , i will admit .
there is nothing particularly amazing about e * trade but the security that goes along with a trusted brand name might be worth it for some .
i tried calling the help desk , but no help .
i have read all of you alls previous post and i ca n't ascertain so many negative responses .
all that have went to ctu are dumb for not doing there homework and research.stick to a goverment backed school like your community college or local university!your
egroups has become a second home to me .
there are reviews from students of ctu online that like their experience .
the site is either down , unuseably slow , or has a glitch on a far too frequent basis .
i also joined a couple of other egroup lists , and had a terrible time with them .
performance of the emails is ok , but there is a very narrow array of offerings .
for most ctu is just another college they and jump from like a froh would a lilly pod .
the friendships and the knowledge i have gained through the years is one of the best things that has happened to me on the internet .
uop is a sham - i took several classes - hoping they would get better but they never did - you post to bulletin boards - answer questions as if you were on some inane aol chat room and 5 weeks later you get three credits .
i am extremely happy with my instructors at ctu .
overall ctu is a good fit for most of their programs , keep in mind with the price you are paying for technology , support , and convenience of not driving your car to a place where kids are hanging out and planning saturday ’s drinking binge .
access to ipos : as an etrade customer , you get access to some of the hottest ipos ever .
i have only two problems with paypal :
in fact , all you can expect to do at capella is read and write ( in the traditional , visually unappealing , and very boring way ) .
the chicago/schaumburg classes are great !
egroups also respect your privacy , since i have several groups there and i have never received any unsolicited message .
the graphics are stylish and fun .-.-. especially the characters that you get to use to represent yourself .
they set it too low and i was n't aware of it until i got nasty emails threatening probation .
searching for groups to join is easy , although the search area is hard to find if you 're signed in .
if this is the academic rigor required by this for-profit school then they are producing a product from an apparent diploma mill .
bottom line : there are a lot of online degree programs available now -- do n't waste you time and money with uop .
i think the school probably is a good one , but they need to come up with a different way to admit people .
compared with others with whom i am acquainted who earned their doctoral degrees from brick-and-mortars , the education i received was vastly superior .
the same spot ? if you 're like me and live in a fairly rural area , spots like egroups can be a godsend -- you wo n't find that many old time radio fans and atari 7800 players in these parts , but i can sure connect with a lot of
i graduated from the university of virginia ( uva ) for my undergraduate degree , and the work at uop was at least as hard as the work at uva , which is one of the very top public schools in the nation .
egroups is , of course , more than a simple web version of a mailing list .
after that i withdrew , but i did have some great experiences with many professors also .
i thought my $ would be safe with them .
the photo album feature is an especially nice one .
the materials being kept online is a bit cumbersome .
i 've complied with everything told to me ( very important ) , done my own research ( very important ) and have never in my life expected everything to be spoon fed to me , so this school has been just fine in my book !
also uop had tacked on an extra yr to my degree due to missing associates level courses , however aiu let me complete all of the missing credits using clep tests .
e * trade , on the other hand , simply deposited the shares in my account as " nontradable " , with a dollar value of zero , and basically took the phone off the hook .
one big plus is that yahoogroups accepts members from all over the world ( some sites do n't ! )
instructors are serious about helping with questions .
i will never use their service again .
this is not to say that the trades arent executed promptly once the order is placed , but that it can take a while to navigate the site , and wait for the correct pages to load .
i do believe that majority of the time you get what you put into the degree .
every complaint or issue i have had has been quickly resolved with a simple phone call or email .
for groups like that a daily digest is best .
the one thing i wish is that ctu had a stricter acceptance policy .
i really feel the professors are great and readily available if you contact them .
apollo group does have a bad reputation based on business practices but those practices have nothing to do with the quality of education offered by axia or uop .
this last time , however , it was a pretty good offer $ 75 or 6 months free with aol ( for current members only ) .
the mscis program was probably one of the most intense learning experiences i 've ever had .
about a week ago , i found ecirlces and right off the bat , i knew that was the one thing that would help me and my forgetful family members and friends remember everything !
umuc should be blacklisted from us installations and banned from taxayer contracts handed out by the department of defense and the us army , until it ceases its relationship with household international .
sometimes they 're fast , sometimes they can take hours .
also great people are in these groups and you will make friends and expand your wot .
applying was also fairly easy .
not that i 'm losing money , thanks to etrade 's insane marketing campaign .
all tests are open book so that makes it easier .
then , yahoo put us in the adult category , without warning , blocking two of our users who were only 17 .
e * trade 's divisions are not strategically divided .
in the past i did have to call them and have experienced inordinate wait times .
i 'm a graduate student at the school and the education i get is extremely relevent .
the epinion groups i have joined have given a great opportunity to get to know more about other reviewers .
and worst of all etrade is dishonest .
* room to grow : if you are reading this you probably are thinking about opening up an account .-.-. remember , with e * trade you can upgrade your account down the line for some serious trading power
uop sucks and lies too .
this is my second semester attending devry i think it is great . . i am now able to take classes that i actually need .
i have never worked so hard , the classes are really condensed into 6 weeks , and the evaluation is tough .
i have only had 1 instructor that was out of his league .
he earned his bachelor 's degree from a very reputable liberal arts school with many accredidations and felt that ctu was equaly challenging with equal possetive and negative issues on the business side .
overall , i would recommend them as a discount brokerage which provides superb information on securities , markets and allows you to participate in ipos .
competing companies may provide better service , features , or even prices , except for maybe the money market fund interest rates that e * trade provides .
all in all i have had only positive experiences with egroups/onelist .
most instructors are very involved and available ; and you interact more with peers than what might be required in traditional brick and mortar .
i 'm not sure i can continue recommending uop to other students unless they correct these issues .
i mentioned that the first notice i had seen was in february 2001 , and that the notice was extremely unclear that " this november " actually meant " last november . "
as i was tweaking my groups , i discovered that some features would be difficult for newbies ( i.e . , 95 % of my family group ! )
uop is not harvard , and none of us think that , but we also work very , very hard for what were earning .
once when the web site was slow , i ended up pressing " place order " button twice ; guess what , i purchased 200 shares instead of 100 .
this site , also , integrates with yahoo ! messenger so that you can tell if members of your groups are logged into the pager or
the classes offer real education and learning , but to get the most out of them you have to do the work .
first of all they 'll give you both $ 5 for the sign up and it just makes the whole transaction process so much faster , and safer than just seding off a cashiers check .
setting up a list was easy , and i remember being gleeful about the whole idea of having an email list all my own .
if you are looking for an excellent place to make great friends , this is a great place to start .
they also have very helpful customer service , although it can often take over a day to get a question answered .
i am filing credit fraud against the school .
with your portfolio , it 's just one click to check your account balances and financial positions - and they do n't take you away from your main screen , just pop the info up in a small extra window which you can easily close after getting the necessary information .
another thing worth noting is at devry many times you will never see what you get on your finals because the instructors are not required to post them in your grade book .
at least it does n't have the glitches and delays , though , despite its huge membership .
i have found that ecircles.com is the way to end the endless cycle of joining clubs and groups .
contrary to what i have read on this site , the navigation is not intuitive , and it takes a bunch of clicks to get where you 're going .
i am so dissapointed in this school , all i ever heard about was university of phoenix .
had one terrible prof but the rest were very good and learned a bunch of new things .
there are numerous complaints lately that umuc is tapping teachers to teach courses outside their area of expertise and without a credential in the assigned field .
i find your trading service so unacceptable that i will
i know you will find or be able to create a place all your own in egroups .
there is a tremendous amount of work between the dq 's , individual projects and team projects .
this feature comes in handy when you need to be out of town .
i am currently a student at uop , and for every post on here there are some truth to them .
so i spoke to an on-campus representive , who does n't answer my e-mails/and a financial counselor who calls me at home when i am at work .
it 's bad enough that we go through all sort of obstacles in life , now i see people downing my school = o.
i have not experienced any major problems with umuc .
the instructors give students a passing grade for a minimum amount of work , and are overly lenient with their grading .
not only was i an online student with them for a little over a year , the continued turnover rates of these people in critical positions was a joke .
the college is what you make of it .
i recommend this service highly , due to the variety of email lists it offers and the ease with which one can set up an email list on it .
i got my ms in cis from uop , and since then i have been promoted , and i am able to teach part time at a local college in my area .
e * trade does offer an alert service for
e * trade offers 24/7 toll-free customer service , which is nice , or at least it would be in theory if you could trust the cs reps .
i owe so much to egroups and have enjoyed every moment
egroups is very easy to use , and has a lot of really nice features .
all along egroups customer service has been indifferent at best , inept and non-responsive at worst .
at this point , i threw up my arms , not knowing if the check was lost or e-trade was still processing my application .
after their system accepts an order ( which it does not reliably do ) , i 've never placed a stock order that has n't executed within a minute .
one thing that i like a lot is that etrade does n't get on my back regarding margin requirments .
so to all the nay sayers . . it is not yale or columbia ... it is uop and it has a place .
i had to have one of their own brokers write notes in the account explaining that 80 % was greater than 50 % and they were not to liquidate without calling that broker first .
i sent all the messages to the dean , he was absolutely useless and did nothing .
however , as the site became more widespread , it became tougher to get through customer service , a must when their online order reporting became slow .
www.egroups.com all i can say is i am totally addicted to this site !
being a moderator for several of my own groups on the listing service i have to say that i am completely disgusted .
response has been courteous and thoughtful .
i 've tolerated your poor trading service for over a year ,
they give decent maps however more often than not , their directions get me lost .
capella u has incredible faculty in the harold abel school of psychology .
university of phoenix is a complete waste of time and money .
overall , e * trade is a decent service , but they still have some work to do .
the university of phoenix online is a joke .
i have been an online student for two trimesters now and the professors were very good .
i am 2/3 's through my masters program and find it very challenging but rewarding .
yes , i 've seen some people complete both master 's and doctoral programs there ; however , these people had little , if any , experience in the real world and had very little to contribute to course discussions .
bottom line is that i have been very disappointed with etrade .
i have spent hours on the phone trying to resolve issues that proper site testing could have prevented ; in every case , the issues were clearly visible to the customer service reps , who were helpless to fix them .
there is a tremendous amount of information .
i called customer service and they passed me around like a hot potato .
egroups may have just started it 's stay at yahoo , but so far in the world of mergers , i really like what they have done to keep the users happy .
i 'm currently using this service as a convenient means to transfer money to and from my brokerage account .
e-trade certainly is a useful way to self-manage investments and to trade .
they have very aggressive incentive programs to join ( the reason i signed up in the first place ) and are always cutting edge on new products .
* fast response : every time i have put in an order at the current price from home , the order has been executed before my dial-up modem can refresh the screen .
now that et has a bigger customer base , their promotions are n't as lavish as before .
umuc brags how they cut breaks financially for military .
the classes i have taken are actually challenging , the teachers know a lot more than the teachers at my previous college .
one complaint i have is that i was put into a program where i was not allowed to choose my classes .
overview i think egroups is a great idea
the worst part of the school is the instructors that just hand out a 's .
one of the very appealing opportunities which initially drew me to e * trade was the opportunity to get in on ipo 's .
the virtual campus and classroom portal have been great .
there are other on - line brokers that offer a little better prices than this ( like suretrade and datek ) but these prices are still not too bad .
if your considering a online college , i would advise you to stay away from ctu , too many changes that are not for the good of the student but for the college to make more profit .
i reccomend capella to any highly motivated person who wants educational and personal advancement .
the quality of education you receive really depends on what you put into it .
there is no doubt in my mind that an education from capella is a high-quality one .
there has been a lot of problems with all the groups that i belong to getting spam mail .
also , the $ 19.95 / trade is a bit expensive ... but hey , i 'm willing to part with a few extra $ $ as long as i know that my $ $ is safe with them .
the university of phoenix is a blast and with only three classes left i am sad that the program is almost over .
i 've had a very positive experience with uop .
the execution time for purchasing or selling a stock is fairly quick ( based on my experience with them so far ) .
they are not really " non traditional " excellent institutions as much as they are advertising savvy businesses .
you can quickly and easily set up lists on any topic , and you can choose to include them in egroups ' categorized directory to find more members , or choose to be unlisted if you want a private group .
this is a revision to my original epinion , which was less than positive itself , about e * trade .
i highly recommend capella to bright , motivated , self-starters who enjoy learning , researching and writing .
the site is also very easy to navigate , and you can join more than one circle !
overall , i give e-trade 4 stars , largely due to web site response and reliability .
agree , however , that some of the difficulties that people have expressed with the learning teams are true ( i experienced that throughout my classes ) . however ,
degrees not valued by businesses !
i 've never - let me repeat - never had a problem with the faculty .
i have enjoyed using e-trade , and think they are honsetly working to provide good service at a reasonable price .
from a moderator/owner perspective egroups gives you complete control over your group .
granted , i am geographically challenged but for whatever reason , it is difficult to follow their directions , i have had better luck with travelocity .
my family groups enjoy sharing photos together , using a calendar that everyone has access to , posting discussion topics and using a fun chat feature .
a secured computer that can process your transactions pretty quickly , from my experience .
basically , their service is quite slow
now boasting 500,000 investor accounts , e-trade is making available a wide range of new services , not only to its customers , but to all of the estimated 10 to 12 million people who use the internet to gather investment information .
e * trade makes it easy to become your primary investment vehicle .
what could be better than to have turn by turn directions accessible for free , to any where you want to go with miles to travel , time estimated , which roads have tolls etc .
the experience is a joke .
you can be assured you will receive frequent mail .
uop will accept anybody , regardless of their reading / writing ability etc . whereas , a traditional or even a community college always has some type of placement exams to see where you stand .
e * trade requires no such fee .
egroups caters to both of us : )
it looks like umuc could use a housecleaner for ineffective workers , and get in touch with the students who have posted their suggestions .
however , probably because of an intense fear of setting a precedent , e-trade ( and datek online ) refuse to publicly accept any responsibility and apologize for customers ' money losses due to tech failures .
do not attend this school if you havent already enrolled .
overall , my income , which was pretty good before , has risen over 20 % as a direct result of my degree from uop .
i have and can attest by my account that etrade is better .
i have the following issues : 1 . quality of students .
( e * trade does have better pricing for frequent traders .
i have made many great friends and helped my business expand because of egroups/onelist , and for that i am thankful .
etrade also sends me the prospectuses and annual reports of vfinx , which are fairly interesting , for about two minutes .
online classes are indepth and the quality of the education is very good .
many other listservers also perform these functions but egroups makes it a lot easier to access the information .
dr . ellis gave wonderful replies and critiques to assignments that were submitted in reference to the assigned work .
instructors dumb down courses to allow many to pass course in the open enrollment system .
you can set up automatic transfers in and out of e * trade , and have your money drop automatically into some good yielding money market funds .
the " learning team " element ( which is intrinsic to every class and accounts for 40-60 % of your grade ) is nothing by a crapshoot .
if you 're like most people , and you never step foot inside of a real bank building , then telebank may be a good idea for you .
unfortunately , by my 4th class i was fully aware of a frustrating trend that my fellow classmates also commented on regularly .
the only pet peeves i have is that citations should be taking more seriously , as some students have either not cited properly , but did have citations and group work is hard to manage .
ecircles did a fine job with their invitations .
my initial experience with capella was n't good .
getting anything from their customer service department is impossible .
they do provide good research , they do have a nice ui , and they do offer a large selection of financial products other than equities .
here are my favorite features :
there is probably an egroup set up for discussion of any topic of interest in your life , even those you thought you were alone with .
my only qualm was that the site was very difficult to navigate ; you had information scattered in various areas and it was not intuitive at all .
their years of spamming people and online ads on nearly every web site you vist have degraded the image of the university severely .
overall , e-trade is a good service , offering good advice and easy navigation for a fair price .
the biggest negatives about e * trade , i also have scwhab and traditional brokerage accounts , is that the transfer of securities to your acccount , in my view , takes longer than necessary .
and then one sad day , yahoo merged with egroups and the site became yahoogroups .
i still received quite a bit after that $ 6600 minus $ 1600 but it is still so much better to be able to attend classes online .
i 'm in the mba program at capella and all i can say is that classes are rigurous but you learn a lot !
psychology courses are of very poor quality by comparison with other colleges .
that amount is less than the cost of my classes , so in the end i will end up paying close to $ 3,000 out of pocket for my education .
i must admit that customer service was very polite , but not knowing how the system works , they were able to tell me nothing .
the curriculum is aggressive on time but manageable and achievable .
etrade also provides real time quotes and discounts for heavy traders .
every single course i took was challenging and educational ( i took four years worth of courses , having changed my focus throughout that time ) .
i have been attending uop for nearly two years , things apparently came to an end because the inability to handle issues in a timely manner .
in addition , it took longer than i would have liked to open the account .
the advertisements and banners are also at the top of every e-mail sent , instead of the bottom as in many other similar free services on the web , and that sometimes becomes a nuisance .
i am finding the experience very worthwhile and rigorous .
e * trade was just as bad for funding an account .
i am a firm believer in uop and online learning .
one thing i would like to see improved at egroups is the number of " dead " groups where people have joined the group but long forgotten it and nobody every posts any messages .
finally , it is also easy to open multiple e-trade accounts .
i am embarassed i go to uop , but i came this far , i am going to finish .
for them , e-trade can be a costly legal way to gamble on the internet .
the course work was very challenging and i really walked away from this school with an education i can apply to my everyday life .
i 've attended three large traditional universities and have to say that the eduction i 'm receiving at cappella is far superior and much more challenging .
there is a lot of reading material and sometimes the work can be more tedious than challenging .
i had a nightmare with capella university .
the best thing about e * trade is the concept of online trading .
i personally use egroups to run my journal 's notification list -- it 's a small group , but the service is still remarkable .
e * trade , in my opinion , is a pathetic operation that relies too much on their site ( which is the most complex interface i 've ever seen ) and not enough on service .
it seems to me that there is a very large margin of opinion about ctu .
any time there 's major action in the market , getting online is a nightmare through etrade .
however , this con can be substantially diminished by the faster executions which etrade offers .
your courses get called off too many times .
other sites might be a little quicker to ask you to liquidate or put mor money in but etrade has been very good with that .
i guess what i 'm saying is that with all of the great things that etrade offers , their customer service is just down right lousy .
i would recommend etrade to anyone that is looking for an online broker .
i am always amazed at how helpful , forthcoming and informative my fellow egroup members can be .
the group choices are endless , the lists are almost spam free and the people on the lists are great .
this college should be stopped before they cause bigger debts for the government to have to get out of as well as turning out uneducated people with diplomas that mean nothing >
signing up for egroups is easy .
they have so much built into one interface that it 's nearly impossible to navigate .
the online class time is bennificial to those not already familiar with the subject matter .
the disappointing part of the program was that the professors would generally only mark your postings with a green s ( substantiative = good ) or a red u ( unsubstantiative = poor ) .
many people left because of such problems or not being recognized as a member so they would have to rejoin for free .
web site layout - good .
this place was a waste of time & i would n't recommend it .
i have gathered the impression of the people in class as being fools .
here 's the thing -- after the clean , no-clutter datek interface , e * trade looked like a six-ring circus .
the only thing lacking at ecircles until just recently was it did n't really work as a mailing list .
thanks egroups , for helping me keep my sanity !
you could only see the professor 's marks for your posting , not for anyone else 's .
there are tools on the website for you to promote your own group as well .
all my trades were insured by using several option strategies but this is insufficient as far as their ridiculous calculator will allow .
becoming egroups , they acquired an overall better layout , and it became easier to use .
the reason why is because of the lack of response from the counselor 's and how they avoid any questions you may have in regards to the items they are charging you for .
there has to be something better out there than either of these two " institutions " of ill repute .
some instructors were quite poor , and do not supply lectures or proper feedback on work .
overall , e * trade is not a bad service .
in e * trade you really have to search to find the equivalent functionality of suretrade 's trading screen , and it 's a pain .
they also have very good access to financial news sources , such as thestreet.com , which i really like quite a bit .
with your groups at egroups/onelist you have a choice , for each group , of how you want to get your e-mails .
i have learned more than i ever learned at my traditional school where i earned my a.s . i have done more work and retained more knowledge studying at uop five hundred times more than i did at the other university 's and community colleges i have attended .
as yahoogroups has taken over onelist/egroups , things have quickly gone downhill . .
out of all the professors i had , maybe 2 or 3 were poor educators .
cec , colorado technical university 's parent company , is currently being investigated by the securities exchange commission ( the federal goverment ) [ 1 ] the united states postal service , and state agencies for various issues of non-compliance .
i found the required discussion/participation in class very rewarding , as no one can sit in the back of the class in this type of venue .
they have easy to use tabs to get you to the exact spot you need to go .
all of my teachers have pointed out both my strengths and weaknesses which help me at my current job .
for reliable service , e * trade is not the best choice .
imagine how frustrating it was to finally receive a hundred messages from the members of your category !
how very interesting that those students posting complaints about the uop all refer to the same issues : financial aid ; academic & enrollment advisors ; the unprofessionalism of the staff ; the uop being a degree mill etc .
extreme negative reviews of two classes including contact info to discuss were ignored by the administration .
this site has a vast amount of information and services and they are very easily accessible .
the best thing i love about this site is the support and the amount of knowledge you gain from one another .
e-trades customer service reps do not impress me and this is important when you are dealing with other people ?
e * trade 's collection department treats customers with disrespect .
other people can say uop is the best school for anyone wanting a degree to attend .
if you merely deposit $ 1,000 and make no trades , you 'd have a handy 17.5 percent return .
i have a group of my own going for writers and really enjoy it .
the requirements to open accounts are very minimal : $ 1000 for the bank , -0 - for the broker account .
i was also told that they had just started charging account maintenance fees .
what better way for families to keep in touch than to participate in ecircles .
you can quickly open up an account with e-trade by going on-line and entering some information about yourself , including your social security number .
although i take the majority of my classes face to face , ( i hate online classes ) i am completely satisfied ( almost ) with devry .
* email alerts drive me crazy ! !
but that did n't matter as e * trade is not responsible for their mistakes .
the photo albums kick butt .
i ca n't recommend e-groups highly enough .
the course work is challenging and i do not feel like i am being short changed .
i find the courses real life based information applicable to my job and recently just completed a course in which i applied so much of the material to a managing for performance course for management at work .
those comments you read regarding capella being a diploma-mill are responses from those who did n't put into the class of what they got out of it .
my master 's in information technology at umuc stings as one of the great bad investments of my life .
there were n't many upper level f2f courses offered by umuc in our location .
egroups is wonderful in another way as well .
yahoogroups will walk you through step-by-step on helping you place your group so it is easy for others to find .
but if you are looking for an mba that focuses on applied research then i highly recommend capella .
but , so far that has not affected my education .
being a military member , the online classes take away the stress of full time job and f2f classes .
there is something for everyone at yahoo groups .
the course material i feel is sufficient and i 've yet to have any real problem with people in my team .
overall , i was satisfied with uop online .
at first , the services were great and the 19.95 a trade was a great feature since i was paying 50 at my old discount broker .
if you are buying at auctions sites i recommend paypal because it is more secure and can investigate problem sellers .
uop teachers basically grade very easy and there are no tests .
egroups/onelist is a fantastic way to meet new people with common interests .
this is a relatively good group .
i decided to give it a chance , though , and within a short amount of time i was quite happy with the way the merged onelist/egroups site functioned .
i have enjoyed the people i have gone to class with and although i have taken some breaks due to my employment reimbursement program - i am still in touch with several of prior classmates from around the globe !
maybe not everyone has had a bad experience with devry but i can give you two examples of why not to go there .
uop helped me be more disciplined in my work ethic , and uop helped me refine my ability to communicate .
i must say that i have made many trades with them , and i have only had a few minor problems .
recently , i joined several new groups and have had great success with them .
even with all the great stuff that etrade offers , i am considering changing brokerages now after my lousy experiences with the customer service folks .
etrade has terrible customer service ( some clueless , some discourteous , mostly unhelpful or plain wrong ) .
i tried e * trade for two reasons : i was unhappy with how hard it was to deposit funds in my suretrade ( see my parallel review of this service ) account , and e * trade offered me a $ 75 startup bonus .
i surveyed the courses that start on monday 23 aug , and found many canceled , 1/3 to 2/3 at army posts canceled or remain pending , while at ramstein and spang more are marked as ' go .
trade execution is only average .
i highly recommend this site to anyone looking for a way to keep in touch with friends or family , or who is looking to join others with a common interest .
courses are rigorous and challenging .
egroups offers such a vast range of groups ... there is something for everyone .
i find egroups to be a very rewarding site .
power point is considered an acceptable format for term papers !
i had a terrific experience with my masters program although some classes seemed too short .
i selected egroups/onelist because of the search options and the sheer number of lists that are managed through there .
the drawbacks for e * trade is that you must be willing to deal with them almost exclusively over the net .
datek offers half the price that e * trade offers on limit orders , which will surely save me a lot of money over time .
egroups is without a doubt the best site to create your own interactive mailing list .
if you are interested in having a marketable degree from a school that is recognized across the nation then devry is the place for you .
the staff is extremely unprofessional and unorganized .
regardless of what your financial objective is , e * trade has something for
i wanted to start classes may 23 but she wanted me to wait until the start date in july so my paperwork work for finacial aid does not have to be rushed and i can see where i stand with aid .
i 've had a paypal account for about a year now and i 've been extremely satisfied with it .
i buy and sell using paypal .
egroups is very easy to navigate .
sometimes mail is a bit slow going through .
e * trade may be a reputable website and service for buying and trading stocks , but their mortgage and lending department is a joke with terrible customer service .
and their overall attitude towards me was not the greatest .
on the other hand , i do see a great benefit from the company .
i say interactive because unlike other places , egroups allows the members of a list to communicate with each other .
the card read that as of today , all e * trade customers will be charged a $ 15 fee each quarter if their account is below $ 5000 !
i would recommend uop to anyone who needs to get a degree from home .
in closing , ecircles is a great place to keep group communications .
i began to realize what a long route mapquest took me just to get on the freeway .
one reason was that umuc 's key administrators were n't paying attention .
although this happens at traditional universities as well , the program is relatively quite expensive compared to a traditional university , which requires physical facilities .
it fits my schedule , i do n't have to be logged in at any particular time and i get excellent customer sevice .
along these same lines , e * trade also has an on-line bank , telebank , which has excellent rates .
in addition to my specific problems with e * trade , i just think their site stinks .
there are tons of great areas of interest in there and i would guess , something for everyone !
the site is well laid out and easy to navigate with everything you need
price : the only setback that i can see for etrade is the higher commissions that it charges .
the best part of the program was learning from my classmates and professors through online discussion .
unlike all modern universities , there is no way to get feedback on an instructor before you are financially committed to the class .
its a fine school , with over 70 % of the faculty terminally degreed , and it gives the chance for bright , hard working , non-traditional students to prove themselves from anywhere in the world .
capella did not fulfill a simple request that i had made to them .
the best i have experienced in online classes .
it is kind of overpriced , but it 's still a great education and it cost only a little more than the traditional college that i wasted almost 2 years of my life at .
the biggest issue i had with uop is that the professors really did n't seem to care .
i will explore both aspects now and share what i believe to be the best aspects of e-trade .
i was really disappointed with the umuc experience , both face-to-face and online .
my experience at devry was one that i would not go through again if i had a second chance .
to summarize : yahoogroups is n't perfect , but it is n't a disaster either .
it 's nothing more than a diploma mill that provides a substandard education .
i also use etrade mail for some of my e-mail , and it has proved decent .
i think , as a student completing my masters in information technology , it is not a bad school at all .
invite your friends with the handy tool on the site and your ready to go !
spend your money and get your piece of worthless paper .
online learning is not a cakewalk .
if you join another type of egroup , like me with weddings , you will find lots of people who are interested in the same things as you and who can offer some great advice !
umuc staff unprofessional and unresponsive .
i have heard nothing but good things about the university of phoenix online .
( d ) an uncluttered and easy-to-read site .
with this school you get out of it what you put into it - like anything you do in life .
sorry umuc , you do n't provide quality services for the money you expect .
in general , i 've been very happy with the e-trade response time on these features .
e-trade is a pretty good service for on - line investing .
the attempt to save $ 10 has cost me hours of lost productivity and endless frustration .
i have heard of people having problems receiving email out of order or not receiving some of there messages at all .
to put in my two cents of the university , i ’ll say this : i have done my research , and for what it is ( an institution catering to the military community , . . and think about what that means ) , umuc does a great job providing education for military members stationed overseas .
overall my experience with the teachers has rated a 5 out of 5 . the instruction has been wonderful .
i have used various account features such as added options trading to my account ( an easy and painless procedure ) or sent out wire transfers .
you can very easily find the groups you are interested in joining .
fortunately , most of the other features do n't have such annoying habits .
first uop has the online learning down pretty good compared to my local community college .
first of all , e-trade values you at $ 400 .
i have found that egroups has some features that make it very versatile .
the experience at uop has been nothing but a hassle .
i do change academic counselors a lot .
go elsewhere , or make the higher trading commission worthwhile by going to a fuller-service house .
example # 3 : having to routinely wait 30 minutes or more on hold to reach e-trade via phone and wait a week or more for a response via email is completely unacceptable .
stock transaction fees are higher than other internet brokers at $ 14.95 / trade .
not all of my experiences with egroups have been good ones .
besides the waits are notoriously long
babycarrots is the moderator and does a bery good job at it .
customer service is hit or miss .
the information about various stocks is helpful , but on newer issues is sometimes scant .
i can honestly say that my friends on my egroups lists are my closest and dearest friends .
not to shabby for an online degree .
i am a working adult and am newly married so this school works for me , and when the wife decides when she wants to start having children i will be thankfull for this school .
customer service is where i am most impressed with e * trade .
the site was laid out very nicely .
the reason why capella falls short is because they are an online school .
i really like the avatar feature ( select your character ) , but no one uses it except me .
email lists are alot more convenient than chat rooms .
customer service reps are not helpful .
i ultimately saw this as a blessing because i am no longer pursuing this school anymore .
sure , it is probably in writing somewhere but i would think that a trained representative of e * trade would know enough to give us the right payment information .
after many years if trying to keep up with family . . birthdays .-.-. and all that other good stuff ; - ) i found a perfect way to manage events , and such . ecircles provides a great selection of resources !
i am also a moderator of several lists and feel that groups are the most organized , effective way to communicate with people all over the world who share similar interests .
trades are executed quickly , and i have always had exactly the right amount of shares traded at the exact price i wanted .
instead , though , i can cite an example where i was looking into an ipo and they gave me advice on how to use e * trade to get in on the ground floor of the ipo .
ctu was on the right track but have now gone down hill .
even though the message delay can be quite irritating , i still love yahoo groups .
transferring from odu to university of phoenix online was the best thing i have ever done .
ctu will really push you to the limit turning in assignments .
it is a great way for me as a writer to be read , rated and get helpful comments .
most of my fellow program students were sincere , smart , hard working people .
it is a mediocre company , that gives you mediocre service at mediocre prices .
i 'm trying to think of anything negative about this service , but nothing is occurring to me .
the thing i like most about the school is that the teachers force students to conduct research and formulate their own opinions .
however , the teachers are outstanding and the instruction and assessment is fair .
and i see some very good employees ( thanks to brandon and james in particular ) who are struggling to answer a barrage of questions with very little solid info from their company - and - the quantity of questions is just too much ( maybe 15 questions to one answer ) for any few humans to reply to .
the problem is that they have to make up this money somehow and that is in poor service .
when e * trade introduced the account linking with e * trade bank , a software glitch made it impossible to actually accomplish " linkage " the first 3 times i tried .
she uses egroups as a great source in her quest for tracing our family roots .
making trades is easy and the speed of execution is satisfactory
i 've received valuable advice from many of these real world professionals that i know i could n't get at a traditional school .
the promise of the uop was a great motivator into enrolling at uop .
despite catalogue listings , diversity of courses offered is poor .
i have never had a bad experience with mapquest .
that means that a diploma from capella is worth the same as a diploma from the university of illinois .
the site is slow , sometimes my maps do n't load , and the user interface is far more difficult than it needs to be .
while the program is challenging it has been a wonderful learning experience .
i 've had a great experience so far .
egroups would be 5 stars to me .
the school has no interest in customer satisfaction and does a superior job of recrutiment - but makes no committment to it 's current learners who are often left to sort out the schools issues and pay ridiculous amounts of tuition .
uop provides you all the tools to obtain your degree .
trade and limit order commissions are a little pricey at $ 19.95 while other
one great thing i have been able to do is create a list called aid4teens that gives teens with emotional burdens a place to come and vent .
since classes already started , ctu told me they would extend me so that i could complete the classes and get credit once i got back .
find one your interested in , join the group and your on your way to getting e-mail you 'll want to get .
great school , great education .
uop is just in it for the money so they will accept anyone .
e * trade has definately made it a corporate priority to keep their customers happy .
however , there are a few minor issues that i find to be irritating :
but they have had countless bugs and they take several weeks to fix them .
when i sent an email requesting to stop classes my advisor suggested i could be covered by 2 more since i had some personal problems and failed a couple of classes .
the pages load very quickly and are visually good enough .
the people in there have become very good friends .
he did answer my question , but the hold time is abysmal .
ecircles has an assortment of message boards , photo albums , chat rooms and calendars .
my mentor and the rest of my dissertation committee were absolutely fantastic .
frankly , the few seconds longer i 've got to wait for quotes is quite annoying .
also , the site is very easy to navigate and their member support area answers mostly all of your questions .
they definitely rate an a + for service !
i had selected onelist ( which then merged with egroups and is now named such ) back in 1998 .
the concept is really cute !
*** update ... e-trade has been very good to me .
onelist/egroups is value , service and community all rolled into one very useful package .
this last option works great if you want to use the list as a mailing list for your website .
to upsetstudent : i do agree with you . . uop only sees potential students as $ $ $ $ $ and their programs stink ! ! force you to take classes that do not need to be taken for you field .
instructors vary in quality , but most are hard-working and want to help you succeed .
etrade is laid out in a way that is easy to use and figure out .
devry is very expensive , one of the most expensive schools of its kind .
e-trade 's customer service in resolving this matter has been horrible .
wow ! all the negative stuff about ctu , amazing !
there is also a really nice function , added just recently , which helps members to plan events and collect info from rsvp 's .
you do have to rely upon yourself to learn the material , but the weekly assignments complemented the assigned reading .
the online experience is like no other !
they 've got the most and best ipos but not everyone gets a piece of it .
i 'll use it for longer-term investing , but clearly that price is too high if you want to do fast-turnover trading .
i enjoyed the courses very much and learned a lot .
i will say , i often did miss the physical interactions that a brick and mortar education offers ; and you do have to be prepared for the " silence " ( which , by the way , was maddening to me at first ) .
by shirking responsibility and antagonizing many of its customers , the myopic e-trade has demonstrated bad , unintelligent business and pr that will eventually ruin e-trade 's reputation and brand image and guarantee its demise .
but ever since i 've opened my account ~ jan '99 , their web site often states that there are problems with the server at that time .
this egroup is changing my home to a more organized place !
the professors are more of a conversation mediator among the students than an actual professor .
i have called countless times to managers and even the director of financial aid and recieved no phone calls back .
but last week i heard an e-trade radio ad that was offering two tina turner concert tickets for any new account that opens - and these are not $ 200 tickets , so e-trade is pocketing the difference .
conclusion e-trade customer service sucks big time .
i will not simply promote someone who has a degree , but i will weigh the phoenix graduate more heavily ; my experience in dealing with them permits me to make such generalizations .
my feeling is that egroups made a ton of money and yahoo is happy for the increased traffic they expect as a result of people from egroups to their silly clubs .
as a program designed for working adults , there is sometimes a lot of homework , and the instructors are hit-and-miss as far as quality of instruction .
i am currently attending devry university and i am having a great time .
the equipment used in our courses was often out-of-date , as was the instructor .
okay , i have to chime in here , b/c i see a lot of negativity out there : - ) i just received my master 's degree and this was the most difficult set of courses i 've _ ever _ gone through ( bar none ) .
the problem is , i 've opened accounts with other firms in search of a decent replacement , and found etrade to surprisingly be at the higher end of on-line brokerage houses .
then they make you wait forever , b/c they do n't have enough reps working .
i made straight a 's at uop but the instructors i had for all my classes gave no feed back , no weekly grades ( so you had no idea if you was actually learning the material correctly or not ) and financial couslor was a joke !
the instructors are there to help , but they will not give answers .
it does n't help that the faculty and administration deliberately spies on students in student groups , plants information in the groups , and seeks to destroy the student groups when the messges get to negative about umuc .
i noticed a lot of negative feed back from people who have n't attended the school , or could n't hack the work load .
i use egroups frequently , daily in fact .
with that said the professors ( in my experience ) do show compassion and give a lot of open book tests .
members of egroups lists can get their messages in various ways .
oh yeah , i got to say that the student advisor 's are the worst , they are lazy and they make the student workers do their job .
umuc has a pretty good reputation from other post i have read .
in my experience with eircles , all of these features have been of great use for one reason or another .
mostly , i have found them rewarding but i always assume it is my project , so am never disappointed .
i 'm elated that i was able to experience devry and can not wait until i graduate .
most of the people that have a problem with ctu are too lazy to focus on the work and want more down time .
i 've always been pretty dubious about the concept of online universities , let alone their value , and reading the reviews of this place has done nothing at all to dissuade me from that opinion .
umuc should be ashamed of themselves for even calling themselves a university .
if you enjoy waiting on hold , if you do n't want accessible real time quotes , if you do n't really mind not being able to see your portfolio 50 % of the time you try to check it , the e * trade is the online broker for you .
in the end , i am unwilling to keep assets at e-trade , where my access to customer service is marginal at best and where the organization has repeatedly demonstrated that it is not at all interested in nor adept at meeting my needs for basic support .
yes , things could be done better , but i guarantee that it is the best university with a home-base overseas if only for it ’s broad range of programs ( in comparison ) , it ’s quality of education , and it ’s flexibility .
this , as you can guess , certainly made my e * trade experience much more pleasurable .
e * trade is probably the best , most complete on-line broker i have found .
i feel i have been treated very well and my classes are in deed challenging .
the security on an email list can be much better than in a chat room .
e-trade even participates in after hours trading , so it may be possible to make your trade at 3 if there is a seller also playing the after hours game .
i am getting a very high quality education and am receiving excellent support from faculty and administration alike .
i also feel the price to do trades , 14.99 per trade is very high , unless you are doing high volume trading with power e * trade , and then the price goes down with 75 trades to 4.99 per trade .
some of the writer 's egroups send their members list of links that can be visited at our leisure .
learning to write essays on the importance of accounting is ridiculous , and i believe that a person who hopes to gain knowledge of accounting and be able to have a career in the accounting field should steer clear of uop .
i have 18 years of work experience in my field and the learning environment that university of phoenix provides is far more relative to business than a traditional college .
onelist , which is now egroups , is constantly upgrading the site and service .
you will be in class with someone who ca n't read and write english and you get held to a different standard .
i will tell you firsthand this school does not care about your education ... only the money you give them .
there are other features including in ecircles like games , wish list , and other items , but they are not significant to me .
this school is terrible when it comes to honesty and intergrity .
nice guy but he told me there was no record of my application .
well after reading most of the comments here , i will say that i am even more afraid to start " uop " as everyone here is calling it .
put simply , the tools for receiving a great education are there , and the environment is excellent .
i find it hard to believe all the negative issues with the advisors .
my only complaint would be the group work ; it is never very comfortable or productive but gets the point across .
the material is not week nor is the work load requirements from the students .
i first joined egroups a few years back when it was known as onelist and it is as easy to use now as it was then .
i had student in my class who could not communicate and had little understanding of english .
onelist/egroups has things set up so that , if you want to discuss topics unsuitable for all audiences , you can simply restrict your list , thus preserving your privacy and safeguarding all who are either too young to be reading what is on your list or those who might be offended .
i must repeat that the service is a good one when it is operational .
to be fair , there are a lot of good things about e * trade .
it was apparent that the " admissions advisor " was really a salesman reading off of a script .
i decided which ones most interested me and joined , which was all easily done by fast navigation .
with that said ... for those who are questioning the validity of capella , you will have to make your own mind up , but from my experience ... it is no joke .
i was surprised to find that etrade charged me $ 50 .
sign up was quick and easy .
you can also play games with other people that are from other ecircle circles .
it is not easy to get an " a " especially in the software engineering program .
i like the cool voice recognition aspects that allows yyou to trade hands free .
another who appeared to be unstable sent me 4 e-mails in the duration of a day with threats and told me what a lousy instructor i was .
the financial aid person was excellent and by far the best credit person i 've ever dealt with .
egroups has something for everyone .
the good thing is that egroups does not require as much information from you as most web services do .
i was really glad to learn about this site .
unfortunately that completely useless class i took at uop wo n't transfer to anything else .
if you are a dedicated , self-motivated person this is the school for you .
however , after reading all the e * trade fine print and comparing the services , i do n't think i 'll close my waterhouse account any time soon .
go to a programming egroup and ask there , you would get your answers , egroups are one of the best ways to get help ! )
uop disgraces academics by collecting tuition from students and giving useless information for working adults which will only teach the adults how to write reports .
i found system performance good before and after .
the education system is top range but administration , it and finance are quite messy though .
us news lists hundreds of big name schools accredited by the same organization as ctu , using the same virtual course software , charging the same or higher fees , with some lousey professors and some great ones , and that also have their share of pro 's and con 's wether it be in the education or business arena 's .
the sacramento valley campus has some of the most remarkable instructors i have ever had .
upgrading was free but they then let you accept credit card payments above $ 100 but there is a 2.2 % processing fee .
apart from a few small delays while the two databases were merged , the service has continued perfectly .
etrade has successfully integrated other companies products and services into their sites .
this is by far the best feature of etrade .
as time passed i found other communities that interested me and through egroups i have many wonderful friends .
egroups is a place where people with common interests can join groups that post messages or chat .
it looks again like umuc will do anything for money , even profiteering off soldiers serving in iraq and afghanistan .
e * trade 's signup bonus was starting to look not as grand , in the big picture of things .
" i am a proud international ctu student " .
i would just like to say that i am just now enrolling to the uop and i am most excited .
i have read some excellent e-pinions of e-trade written by experienced traders .
easy tracking of all your ecircles .
personally , i think this school offers one of the most unique programs systems available , and one that anyone with a little determination can do .
they need a better age verification system on egroups because it was too easy to access .
the pros : the course sequence in my masters was well-planned .
i thank the college for their wonderful program that emphasized team work ; individual study ; and even included global collaboration with people from all backgrounds .
however , i have had a 99 % positive experience using egroups ( formerly onelist ) .
another wonderful feature of egroups is a chat room for each mailing list .
in compiling tax records , i found some disturbing errors on the 1099 forms they prepared for me .
ecircles is easy to join , easy to navigate , and is always adding new features .
both of these issues have improved to my satisfaction ( especially the customer service , although the online customer service is still a bit pathetic ) .
i am going into the education field , and i am grateful for the uop for offering a program that will allow me to teach , raise my child , and get a masters .
paypal claims that a deposit is dependent on the time frame of your bank .
you can set up your own group very easily , the instructions are very straightforward on the site and guide you through each stage step by step .
the trade prices are somewhat higher than other online brokers ( $ 14.95 for a nyse trade and $ 19.95 for a nasdaq trade ) , but i also feel that you get more from etrade .
overall i have had a great learning experience .
great school , excellent and thought provoking environment .
the only notice i could possibly had received would have been by digging through several pages on their extremely confusing site to find my " current alerts " listing .
overall , i would say the community is great .
although the team environment may seem to be discouraging , i have had incidents where professors were notified of an individual 's lack of participation and having seen that individual fail or have grades lowered for those same reasons .
this site is great for families and groups and for staying in touch .
i am almost finished with my degree and i feel that the education i have earned has been just as good as when i went to u of i . dont let people tell you it is a degree mill , it is not !
have noticed some others here are giving umuc 4 or 5 stars - do n't believe them : this is a case of the emperor 's new clothes if ever there was one !
every one of my professors has had a masters degree or higher , years of experience in the field related to the course material , and they have all been very personable and approachable .
meeting new friends this is the best part of egroups .
e * trade is offering many deals :
when it comes to market down days or when volume is high-the trade access becomes too slow .
the instructors have been mixed , but as others have said , that 's to be expected .
my academic counselor was too good .
the opportunities which appear to be afforded to the " average investor , " such as ipo participation and after-hours trading opportunities to jump on news events , just are not what they 're cracked up to be .
i highly recommend e-groups , i think they are the largest email based community provider out there .
other than that , i have n't had a problem with etrade .
that means it is easy to transfer money between my e * trade bank and brokerage accounts so i can get the highest interest rate on my free cash balances .
it 's very convenient to trade online and you 've got ta love " securities protected to $ 100 million " ( not that i 'm anywhere near that limit ) .
i have been nothing but pleased with ecircles and thank goodness , now my family can all communicate and not have someone left out in the dark when we decide to change christmas to the week before .
one of my favorite things about egroups is the fact that it is very easy to form and moderate your own egroup .
i am addicted to egroups .
you can get to know your list members , or help them get to know each other , by using the lavish features provided for these purposes .
so , you had to go a university where the prestige may not be where it is as compared to the schools mentioned but to me seem to provide a pretty good education .
one of the best features about ecircles is the character icons members select to represent themselves .
i have applied for jobs as a student of uop and gotten calls and interviews .
all in all , egroups/onelist is still the best out there , but i would suggest that they put a few things back to the way that they used to be .
i have been attending uop for over a year now .
there are other handy features for the stock trade : stock alerts , on-screen forms , stock quotes and research and something new -- instant messaging using yahoo with on-screen customer service to im with ; however , if you 're like me and skeptical of hackers lurking , you should n't im to talk about your money .
( c ) e * trade has an excellent on-line help system , which i use to answer any questions i have .
some of the features of egroups that i especially like include the following .
while most members are wonderful and you can glean much from their wisdom , i have never been on a list yet where there was n't some sort of disagreement among the troops .
umuc saves money by assigning 3 or 4 subjects to one teacher .
after several back-and-forth calls between etrade and my new brokerage firm , i got really frustrated .
their web site is poor ( they don ?
further , you will have difficulty sometimes getting someone on the phone if you have questions about a trade or your account .
the school has a good name and from the instructors i had they deserve it .-.-.
the administration interface is very user friendly and ease .
i will never again hire someone who claims to have a degree from the university of phoenix .
the major benefit or egroups is that it is a competent site that ?
the academic and financial advisors are not the most prompt in getting back to you .
i can call and talk to someone 24 hours a day and reach techincal support regarding any online issue 24 hours a day .
i like the small classes and i have received good career advice from most of my professors .
the reason why i say this is a visually stimulating site is because the site has a good color scheme .
i think ecircles is a pretty cool website for online communication .
e-trade and waterhouse securities are shaping the future of
i have attended ctu online for two years and i am graduating in one week .
the classes have no bearing on what you will be doing in the real world .
the education is less than stellar for the amount you pay .
the etrade web site is nice , but you will need , one day or another , help with a live e-trade rep ( for example to close your account ) .
i could not live without e-trade 's free real-time quotes .
e-trade 's response after the fact has also been bad beyond words .
you get less email in your inbox , but the digests are a bit more difficult to read .
the reason for this is that i have a bit of criticism to express , but ecircles may resolve the problem before long .
the brokerage side was apparently dominant in the merger , and this shows up in annoying ways : funds transfers from brokerage to bank take a lot longer than transfers from bank to brokerage .
well , you are already signed up so just follow the simple instructions on the site .
at e-groups i found just what i was looking for in a group titled " readmyonlinearticle " .
umuc seems to have disregarded this information , took the $ 2 million , and turned the other way .
i love egroups , i belong to a couple groups where i 've met some really nice people .
i really have n't had any bad experiences with egroups .
i ca n't say enough for the education progam and the support received .
i now have six lists that i administrate and i am so pleased with this service that , when i do a web page for a client , i include setting them up a list with which to promote their site as part of my service to them .
these two groups have helped to supply fellowship with other christian women , which i have needed desperately !
uop has to clean up its act and stop admitting everybody and their grand mama .
all in all , if you 're a large group , organization , or family , ecircles.com is definitely a worthwhile site to keep in touch !
even though i work with ctu students , my employer is a federal technical contractor and explicitly does not hire employees with ctu degrees .
all of my teachers were excellent with the exception of two .
e * trade offers discount programs and trading options for frequent traders-something other brokerages do not have .
* the ipo center : great idea but unless you register your account under the name warren buffet , you are n't going to get into any of their ipos ( the ones worth getting into at least ) .
i 've noticed that the successful students at devry are brilliant , goal-oriented people and know exactly what they are aiming for .
the ipo is one of the most thorough and easiest to understand that i have ever seen .
staff i would rate a 3/5 , they are courteous , but can take a long time to respond .
i also have an ira through et and like how i can switch back and forth from my ira and regular account very easily .
all it takes is $ 1000 to open an account and there have been great promotions like a $ 100 buy.com gift certificate or $ 75 credit
at devry i get lots of labs to reinforce the theory ; at monmouth university i get lots of theory but few labs ( i need labs , i am not good with theory only ; i need to see the pictures , you know what i mean ) .
i originally opened an e * trade account to take advantage of the $ 75 incentive plan .
as of today -- october , 7 , 2000 -- there is now a directory of ecircles and you can make your existing circles public if you wish .
the financial aid office was always messing things up though , and the amount of work involved in some of the classes was well above what i have experienced elsewhere , even in the regular classroom setting .
the choices for lists are endless .
ecircles also offers voice chat , file sharing , lists ( great for birthday wish lists ) , and other features that i have n't used as much .
i would highly recommend egroups to anyone looking to make some friends especially those with the same interest areas !
last christmas , when i was in santa clara 's micro center , e-trade offered an unprecedented and irresistible $ 400 rebate if i signed up before january 23 , 2000 .
you can get a good list of detailed account activity ( and change whatsoever that happens in your account ) , and you can get a shot of your realized and unrealized profit and loss .
another feature that is extremely helpful is the fact that they send you copies of every check you write with your statements .
message indicated a problem with my browser cache , it was misleading since
make your own choices and , if you are willing , e * trade is there to back you up , whatever you do .
the only thing that i can assume is that some professors are leanient on citations is do to the fact that some students have been out of college for over 10 years or more , so they are not up to par with what should be done for citations .
i must say that i was very skeptical of this school .
honestly , etrade has the greatest interface -- so you never need to keep records of your transactions and everything is on line .
on the plus side , the classes are easy becuase of the schedule and most of the professors are easy to communicate with .
on the flip side , the level ii tools are generally intimidating for a novice .
i work with computers , and i can understand occasional problems with websites , however , e * trade really should be faster and more reliable .
using yahoo groups is fairly simple .
compared to the traditional " cram for exams " , the uop student must learn the material enough to present in front of the class ; not to mention the many , many research papers that are required in each of the courses .
after emailing yahoo every day for a month , we got a terse email stating that it would be looked into .
the announcements features is the best way to keep your group up-to-date .
i think that there are almost too many clubs though making you feel like just a number instead of an individual in a vibrant community .
the classes have been challenging and i ’ve learned a lot .
after about 9 months of trying to apply for financial aid , my funds were not certified due to the financial aid department not doing what they were suppose to do .
if you are not a member your email will be returned to you .
umuc 's webtycho interface is at best a pretend classroom with a few clever javascripts and java applets to entertain you while you wait months for feedback on that paper you 're now starting to feel embarrassed for having taken so seriously .
when it comes to trades , et seems to be prety quick .
ameritrade and datek were also considered but e * trade somehow attracted me more despite their slightly higher trading commission ( $ 14.95 to $ 19.95 per trade ) than the rock bottom fees ameritrade and datek charge .
my trades are executed quickly .
however , the people that do the admissions need lots of training .
i 've never had to wait long on the phone and the support staff is very knowledgeable and helpful .
the variety of lists offered by egroups is just that wide .
sure , you can post messages and all that , but you can also get a condensed digest of them e-mailed to you daily , or get new messages mailed as soon as they 're posted .
many people are knocking devry but i have seen them to be a very great school for people who really push themselves .
here are a number of negative incidences i have had using etrade .
the medium of instruction deserves some improvement , but otherwise , i think it has all the pros and cons of any regular f2f university .
i have exchanged gifts with other members of the egroups , holiday cards , recipes .
you get free real-time quotes when you open an etrade account , which is something that i really enjoy .
reason being that some groups can get rather large at times .
most full service brokers will not allow placement of orders on their voice mail for sec regulation reasons , so e-trade and other similar companies have a leg up here .
egroups is a pretty versatile ( free ) service .
honestly , they have exceptional product development ; their goal is to get more and more new customers , and they do a great job at it .
if you have a web page already , ecircles can be a fun addition to it .
their clean look and feel allows the investor , once logged in , to get to where he or she needs to go , without too much clutter .
subscribing to the group you choose is as easy as clicking " subscribe " .
work was graded very slowly in fact i was doing the final before the last two weeks had been completed which only hurts me , the student , in the end because i ca n't review it .
i hated the menu , but once i got past it i was connected to a live and helpful human very quickly .
this service eliminates the hassle of having to type out a hundred different email addresses for just one email .
my instructors were well versed in the subjects they taught and had just as many if not more office hours than , my state uni , that they could be approached for help .
now i find myself in the difficult situation of enjoying my school , but fearing a sub-par reputation may hamper my ambitions .
selected in june 1999 by pc world as the " best online community site , " ecircles has quickly become one of my favorite sites and an indispensable tool for personal web site development .
besides the lie about the quote/rate , i was very disappointed with the service at e * trade .
being in a egroup is great sometimes , but you have to be willing to spend some extra time , cause you will get email notifications in your mail and then you have to read and rate those reviews that are sent too you .
no matter what your list needs are , egroups is the one to go with .
wish list ( great for christmas or birthdays )
i attend ctu and frankly i prefer it over brick and mortar bs .
they created some great incentives through their partnership with telebank .
e * trade is a disaster , by any measure : functionality , customer ( dis ) service , hidden fees , you name it .
as for the classes and the quality of the content , i would say they are average .
first of all , i only gave uop a " 1 " because there was a " 0 " as an option .
since aol normally charges $ 21.95 per month , i figured e * trade was worth trying if i was getting paid $ 131.70 .
however , datek is about as unreliable as etrade , but they charge only half for the commissions .
the business administration degree i earned helped me land a position as a pharmaceutical sales rep .
this college is the worst thing that has ever happened to education .
i have met many students who have attended uop , who have gotten their master 's , and gotten employed right away .
devry is not accredited in texas .
this college was paid $ 2 million dollars by household international , a predatory lender , to add a website that encourages debt among service members , and seems to disregard the soldiers and sailors act which provides temporary relief to active duty service members .
people who have ph d 's from capella are academic quacks ... and perceived as such by people who know higher education .
overall , e-trade has more features and more helpful tips than other on - line brokers that charge similar fees .
i explained that this whole problem came about because i followed the instructions on their website .
i found the application to be easy to use .
i have been a member of egroups ( formerly onelist ) for quite a few years now and i love it ! !
lack of active after hours trading : etrade has almost no liquidity for most secondary issues during after hours trading .
devry is a sad sad place .
by placing them there the owner of egroups ( yahoo currently ) is able to keep the service free for us , the end user .
umuc is also taking flak because their teachers are older , out-of-touch with developments in their field of instruction , not representing the diversity of the student population umuc serves and unable to find work at other colleges ( which is why they 're at umuc ) .
their recruiters make the following promises : we provide the textbooks as a part of the tuition , wonderful instructors , great online interactive learning environment , online library , online resource , but worst of all they tell you that the program is specifically for students that are completely new to programming .
i have found this system easy to use , both as a member and a manager .
in all , i would say that i had an equally good and bad time attending .
both my financial advisor and academic advisor knew this but had not told me .
overall , layout is intuitive .
for fast execution times , i have no complaints .
e * trade 's customer service has been very responsive to every call and met my needs .
time was reasonable without any long waits .
i 've attended devry in il for almost a year and a half , and my experience has been very good .
and on top of that , i plan on getting my phd in biomedical engineering , and apparently devry is n't considered a valid school for that degree , so if you want to go somewhere else to receive a higher degree , you have to start from scratch .
i have called to speak with a representative a couple of times , and after you get through the annoying touch tone menu , everything is ok .
i found egroups about 6 months ago and i have been a regular member ever since .
for the sake of time - i will not comment on quality of education - let 's assume it is ok compared to it 's competitors .
otherwise , their lack of consistent service makes trading frequently too much of a headache ( and risk ! ) .
i have not had any major problems with et .
i highly do not recommend uop .
something that i have learned about these people with pessimism towards capella is that they are on tilt , have had their " wittle " feelings hurt by the process , or just are down right mad / jealous that there are other options than the traditional b and m route ( of which my bs and ms are from b and m schools ) .
my e-mail went unanswered for a day , then was automatically escalated to a level where i got a quick response .
online and capella are definitely for those requiring a quality learning experience .
it has a messageboard , chat , games and more that you can do from your ecircle and you can setup as many as you like !
btw , umuc 's hushing the student group was n't a very cool thing to do .
it has taken us several months to refinance through e * trade , when typically it should have taken weeks .
finally , on heavy volume days there have been problems trading which is unforgivable and can crush the investor in a correction ( this has been better recently but do n't give up your full-service account ) .
the features are great ( i will go into depth later ) , and they allow a low minimum initial investment ( the epinions page says $ 1000 , but the minimum for me was $ 500 ) .
i recommend this community site anyone !
* original content : there are definitely some good ideas to be found in their original content areas
capella is a great program with rigorous format .
the courses were easy and professors quite good , but the support staff is very weak once they have you enrolled .
e * trade allowed $ 5894.95 to " slip through the cracks . "
the professors are not only your instructors .
i have wonderful classmates that are actively involved , great instructors ... for instance , one of my instructors had worked for nasa and one had worked for cia several years before !
one constant is that etrade has been slow loading , ( which is why i 've wanted to get dsl )
umuc-ed may not live up to my previous institutions academic standards , but you know what , i think to think that you get what you give .
the financial aid office has been extremely helpful .
also , researching stocks is important before you make big decisions about your earnings and e-trade affords you the opportunity to do just that .
i am currently working on a doctorate degree through uop online , and it really fits my life .
i would recommend egroups to everyone because there really is a group for everyone .
the class sizes are small to medium , and the material covered is practical and relevant .
all in all , when it comes to online communities , this is a highly recommended site .
also , if you are a short-medium term trader , main advantage to having an etrade account are its powertrade features .
to be honest , egroups ( onelist ) was my first mailing list choice , and i have n't even bothered to look into other services .
i found the staff and the professors bending over backwards to help you be successful .
etrade in my opinion clearly distinguishes itself from other online brokers such as ameritrade , scottrade or suretrade because of its commitments to serious investors and its wide sources of information for the average investor .
the recent merger of egroups and onelist has created a much better service than was available before .
when i 've called customer service , they invariably suggest i 'm making some type of mistake .
e-trade sent my bank a duplicate , unauthorized request to withdraw an extremely large sum of money from my account and then deposited my money into somebody else 's e-trade account .
if i was just out of high school i would not choose devry because i look at this school as a good place to continue my education .
never opened a single book they sent me and they were never even referenced by instructors .
a lot of work for a worthless degree is not my idea of value .
i have noticed when contacting my councelor it is hard to get a hold of them , and when i leave voice mails i never receive phone calls back .
i am on my 8th course at capella and have had very good interaction with my instructors as well as my fellow learners .
with onelist there were server glitches once in a while so no messages went through for a couple of hours or much longer .
my advisor was horrible , she told me what classes i needed and it turned out i did not need the classes .
egroups seems the best for now .-.-.
their trade confirms are prompt and their " my portfolio " provides a great way to customize the way you follow your holdings .
when there are polls , they 're easy to take part in as well .
my first group is very helpful to me when it comes to dealing with my medical problems .
but , it 's still nice to have research in the same place as your portfolio .
the final advantage i 've seen from e * trade is that they really want to get my money , and they 're willing to make it worthwhile .
the point is , if you 've got an interest , you 'll likely find a group for it at egroups .
capella is a junk degree sold to a disenfranchised group who are looking for a ph d in all the wrong places .
the other group that i just recently joined is alot nicer to be in , in my opinion that is !
paypal 's phone help told me there was nothing they could do .
sometimes i think they have these tests so that students flunk and then have to pay to take the course again .
i not only benefit from the information but , so does the whole group .
it has a organized portfolio page .
however if you like research tools , et does n't really offer much .
e-trade frequently offers special promotions , to get investors to open up an account with them .
some of the lists i have joined help me keep in touch with other moderators for example , from a site i frequent .
if you can not visit the site everyday , there are e-mail alerts that announce certain events posted or messages posted in the discussion board , which is very convenient .
the account opening experience was great : cash bonuses for opening each account , and professional service standards .
uofp was so bad and horrible they stayed long enough to get their ms cis at uofp .
the last pitfall i will point out is the poor phone support center .
so i graded my students much harder and the complaints and threats started .
ctu helped me land the job that i have right now as help desk administrator .
orders are filled very quickly and at the prices i expected .
i would like to thank my professors as well for a wonderful job !
managing a list is a snap through yahoogroups if you can get in and access your page , which is another plus .
outside of having an e-trade bank account , the quickest transfer time seems to be about 3 days , far too long for quickly moving markets .
yahoo groups has many different features which make the groups fun to use .
i 've attended two state universities and a community college and none have compared to the excellence at devry .
while they are annoying , they are also the reason egroups is free for the public .
the learning team concept can be challenging , but very rewarding ... it teaches you the concept of reality ... the life of hard knocks .
most companies will not be unimpressed by an uop degree .
i chose capella and have no regrets whatsoever .
some students could not understand the material and had such poor spelling and grammar , that i could not believe they were graduate students .
however , with each email comes a banner ad from the supporters that pay for you to use egroups without having to pay .
there 's also a wide range of services available -- you can use free checking , handle your ira 's , and keep multiple watch lists of stocks and options .
with a large selection of mutual funds , bonds , stocks , and options ,
i remember there were a few courses at capella where classmates actually went crying to the administration about the instructors being too strict or demanding .
everyone , do yourselves a favor and do not even entertain the thought of attending this apparent college .
etpro has most of the speed and flexibility of a boutique trading application with the ease-of-use , assurance , and customer service of a more established firm .
yep , i am dead serious , you will get a massive quantity of emails .
to make it worse i have to take most of my core classes online .
with that said , you will get the sales pitch to feel warm and fuzzy about enrolling , however college has become big business and ctu is no different .
as a final note , i have to mention how good the e * trade customer service is .
the charts , news and quotes are constantly malfunctioning and there is always some problem or another .
i really have fun with this group .
a fun part of ecircles is choosing the character that represents you .
i have to say that capella university truly holds to quality education as well has helping learn new business skills to be effective in my career .
apparently e * trade did n't feel like living up to its end of the bargain .
he is a very dedicated instructor and does his best to make sure his students understand the material .
as for the account transfer , it 's another frustrating story .
there has been nothing but problems with the learning team garbage .
we 're currently in the process of refinancing our home loan through e * trade , and have had several complaints about the process .
good reporting tools , but nothing to write home about ( like morningstar.com 's portfolio x-ray ) .
twice , i have experienced tuition increases .
but i was already invested in the third semester before i could no longer dismiss as flukes my astoundingly incompetent or apathetic professors .
for example , i just paid for an auction , and paypal 's software returned an error message ( 3004 ) stating that it was unable to process the transaction , and " click here " to try again .
i was also surprised by how easy it was to start my own list .
lots of features , pretty well organized .
etrade customers also have access to select ipos .
however , my experience thus far has been less than satisfactory .
egroups offers flexibility and freedom to come and go as you please .
getting around clubs and all their features is easy .
e * trade also keeps very good and simplified records of the transactions-far better than datek ( datek 's tax records of personal trades are a mess in comparison ) .
i 'd say there 's a lot of student disenchantment with umuc courses and programs , and umuc administration .
instructors are not consistent from class to class on requirements for grades .
i am a good manager , and uop improved my management skills .
the professor are very experienced and i have learned a lot .
go elsewhere , or make the higher trading commission worthwhile by going to a fuller-service house .
overall , i would not recommend the uop for anyone at this time , unless the program and way it is managed changes .
remembering the actions by the state attorneys general against aol , e-trade ( and datek ) would rather try to hide behind the tiny , legal print in a customer agreement .
the current $ 100 is a fantastic opportunity to make some free money , but make sure you read the fine print first .
e-trade seems to be a good system for somewhat active traders .
personally , i have been relatively pleased with my experience at uop .
finding different parts of the site was just as easy .
i would not recommend this school to anyone .
my financial counselor is a liar and her manager is a coward .
i know tough , and uop asks for plenty from its students .
i know personally that capella is rapidly attempting to gain apa accreditation .
does that mean they are crooks , no ! ctu has a different pitch than your normal brick and motar , brick and motar concern themsleves less with the student and more with the parents wallet .
i have been a member of e-groups for a long time and although i have been a member of other such sites i much prefer this one .
as a first-time investor , i am well satisfied with e-trade .
the web service is also fantastic for generating graphs of historical account performance , managing funds and , better yet , moving funds among accounts if you also bank with them .
university of phoenix was a surprising disappointment .
the admissions office has been helpful .
although all of the wonderful things which originally draw you in are not what they seem , there 's still a whole lot of benefit , especially for the small investor .
there are several positive aspects to this email list community .
i read some poor reviews of ctu online , and one that connected them with " american intercontinental university " which i confirmed ( via multiple websites ) is on probation .
one thing i really like a whole lot about egroups is that you can choose what goes into your profile and whether or not it is seen by the other members of egroups .
but in the last six months , i have had various intermittant problems logging in , getting account balances and positions , and accessing research ( the briefing.com link has been down for a week now ) .
everyone is very helpful and nice .
thus , i like a site that can provide the information i need and e-trade does that .
additionally , i seemed to always get connected directly with the person who could solve my problem .
this course was challenging , up-to-date , and the text by daft and mann complimented the course brilliantly .
so if you take these concert tickets , you are not getting a very good deal .
trade confirmations are instant either through checking your portfolio or messaging .
as my interests and needs change , so can my egroups .
i have learned so much from e-trade .
the calender , it is an easy way to remind friends of an upcoming birthday or important event .
this could just be luck of the draw , but in my opinion etrade gives some great fills .
at egroups you have a number of options when you join a list , you can chose to have every email sent right to your email address , or have a daily digest sent , or even some lists allow you to go to the lists web address and read the emails there , and even reply there .
there are groups for just about anyone at egroups .
they 've always been willing to answer my questions ( or direct me to the proper forum ) , and i think they 've given me fair grades .
getting your own group started is a snap .
i have found the course work and research more challenging and of higher quality at capella than at any of the other institutions i graduated from .
the professors were excellent as well the financial aid office .
this is partially my fault because i did n't read the fine print , but it 's mostly e * trades non-straight shooting , poor business ethics that have put me in this predicament .
mapquest has made going somewhere a much more pleasurable experience .
ctu was still trying to get me to take 101 .
i informed etrade , but they responded with an impersonal block letter that claimed the bid price had not gone that high .
uop needs to put some more money into infrastructure even if it has to take some away from their huge advertising budget .
also , there are just so many lists that egroups hosts , you can usually find any sort of list you are looking for just by doing a search on the site .
i never had real problems with the staff and they always did their jobs and always called back .
getting my masters and i think it is a good school .
the free books taht they provide are so poor in quality you can not even find their isbn 's on the internet .
in fact , half the time the instructors told us to disregard them .
browsing through categories can be very time consuming .
ctu was extremely helpful at first and i enjoyed the classes while at the same time was challenged by them .
yet another bad incident : i had 400 shares of ubid and placed good-till-canceled sell order at 34-5/8 , and etrade did not execute the order even though the high of the day was 35 .
as far as pricing , while you pay more than some internet brokers ( ameritrade , etc . ) , you still pay a relatively low commission .
the dissertation process was the hardest thing that i have ever done , mentally ( and i have done several demanding tasks in the us army ) .
i enjoyed most of the classes , except i had one professor who accused me , without proof and justification , of plagarism .
i have absolutely no complaints about the entire phd journey and highly recommend this school .
their research is pretty good .
their customer service is quick to answer the phone and very knowledgeable .
e * trade 's " so called " trained specialists give customers wrong information and then say , " oh well ! "
egroups have such a great variety and there is definely one out there for everyone .
their research and interface are quite good .
what i would suggest is to use two discount brokers : one e * trade where you can get lots of valuable information and the other one like datek where you can execute orders fast ( all the time ! )
to their credit , they have significantly stepped up their customer service .
please , do not enroll in the university of phoenix online .
so , after hearing negative stories about some of their programs not being accredited , and actually reading on the internet that they do not offer accredited online courses , degrees , or programs , this has shown me that the university of phoenix is nothing more than a criminal hoax .
pitifully slow response time on an antiquated web system .
initially , i was drawn to low brokerage fees and the ability to perform research on-line .
return calls , oh that 's a joke .
on the bond side , i 've repeatedly encountered inaccurate prices that e * trade fails to fix and refuses to honor .
my graduate education at uop has served me well thus far .
a simple keyword search should lead you to what you 're looking for , but be forewarned -- depending on what you 're looking for , your search could lead you to quite a selection !
even with all of the mergers and changes it has gone through over the years , yahoogroups is still one of my all-time favorite places on the internet .
yes there are slackers in the learning teams .
easy set-up you can get a lean , mean ecircle set up in just 10 minutes .
i can imagine why many become disenchanted over the cost though .
but i continue to gravitate to e-trade for quick and efficient research and stock comparison .
i find the process challenging , the teachers good , and the courses expensive .
i have completed 96 hours with umuc and have had a positive experience for the most part .
initially , the application process is very simple .
there are many other great features that you 'll just have to check out for yourself !
there are so many things you can do with the yahoo e-groups .
there are so many egroups dealing with different topics of interest to list in one article here .
etrade is not the best for someone that just wants a good , fast , and cheap trading system .
to be completely honest , i was extremely disappointed with the university from many aspects .
their fees are not on par with other online brokerages , and their service is well below acceptable in my opinion .
because of my job , i know a little bit about the behind the scenes architecture at e * trade and the more i know about their systems the more impressed i am .
all in all , i have been very satisfied with my experiences with the email lists .
the price was a little shocking , but considering my program is accelerated the cost is not as much as you 'd think , less time = less money .
umuc 's quality of education plummeted faster than enron stock .
egroups is a free email group service , similar to listbot and coollist , which is available world-wide , making it easier to join and create groups and meet great people .
my experience at uop has been quite rewarding both on a personal and professional level .
when i needed to take some time off after the birth of my son , the university was accommodating .
i hope another new investor like myself will think twice about dealing with e * trade as they seem to have policies that release them from liabilities even when they make errors .
i just started taking courses toward an mba degree at uop , and i have to say i 'm already disappointed .
the best part is you send 1 e-mail that is sent to the entire group of people .
i like the face-to-face interaction with the class and instructor .
the bottom line is that school is hard , and if you are not willing to do the work , it will be very frustrating .
egroups has a strict anti-spamming policy !
it is very easy to use , and has a nice interface .
words that best describe this school and wiu : atroscious , shocking , upsetting , unspeakable , dispicable , liars .
on top of that she did n't process my current student deferment , so one of my loans went to collections ! ! while trying to get things smoothed over , the manager called and was worse than the counselor herself .
there are lists for every dog-lover , or stressed out manager , or converstations for military house-wives .
i have am half way through my second course with the uop and i must say that it is well worth the extra money .
- but , i mean , is that even a real degree ?
you see , i have made many friends from egroups .
i did n't experience any bad customer service and was very pleased with practor exams which i had to take while i was deployed .
i 've also been able to put in trades quite quick , and can get confirmation within about a minute after putting in the trade .
in my experience the site has been somewhat unreliable , however , like i said , the maps are detailed and easy to read .
i read a very negative review of aiu , which led me to search further .
what attracted me to e * trade in the 1st place was the fact that they would let me trade options , which was n't available at any other broker at that time ( discount ) except schwab , but then their commissions were much higher .
they are usually pretty good with email questions though .-.-. as long as they do n't get too complex
over time i have been experiencing issues with many of the faculty , their feedback ( individual ) came during the last week of class , they were unresponsive or they didnt know the material .
e * trade offers certain features that other on-line brokerages do n't offer .
the biggest problem i had was dealing with the professors that i could not understand at all .
- the alert box is confusing .
knowledgeable teachers and good programs .
you have to step through a couple of voice-message menus , but they are pretty simple and allow the person who picks up to have your account ready on their screen .
there are so many possabilities with egroups .
i am tired of waiting for people to submit work and wait until the day it is due .
i 've been using egroups/onelist for almost two years now , and i have had very few problems with their services .
the uninversity has a group of highly educated facilitators and the 24/7 tech support team is first rate with easy access .
for the next 3 days , his " supervisor " called me and tried to embarrass me into sending him an application fee since they had done so much work on my behalf to get me enrolled .
i 'd definitely recommend using egroups .
egroups offers this feature to every list .
uop sucks ! ! ! ! !
some people that would give you a blank stare if you said " topica " or " smartgroups " or even " mailing list " would instantly recognize a yahoogroup .
egroups is so easy that anyone that can work regular email can run it !
i have always had great experiences and helpful people to show me around .
i did this and was pentalized for turning a paper in myself because it required the team to collaborate .
as a matter of fact , many colleges/universities are now adopting to the uop way of teaching by trying to make education more accommdating to working adults such as myself .
originally , i had some real problems with e * trade including site crashes and slow server reaction .
the first group that i joined was too large and too active for me .
very rich experiences from which to draw .
the egroups website is very easy to navigate .
umuc provided really good qaulity education until about 5 years ago .
the other teacher was even worse in fact any time you contacted him you 'd wait over a week to hear back .
the directory is good , with simply navigation , but the experience is very bland .
egroups ( now yahoogroups ) is a necessary evil .
i have went to a traditional college and friends that went to them and what i have learned at devry is much more advanced than any of those other colleges .
maybe if you cracked one of those " over-priced " books once in awhile , you would see that devry has quite a bit to offer .
i tried listbot and topica , but egroups has taken the medal in my mind .
yet you make good friends over the course of time , and have fun along the way !
but i found it so much easier to join the group a friend created at egroups , and not have to bother with adding address , and hitting reply to all .
the system itself runs a bit slower than most web sites , but most people do n't understand that that 's because of the encryption .
as it has been the case with every educational institution i have attended , i had good instructors and bad instructors , easy courses and hard courses .
five years later , i discovered that devry had turned my supposedly delinquent account over to some disreputable collections agency .
when you met a capella graduate , ask them just what their experiences were before they completed their program - often , you will find that they have almost no real world experience .
when the merger finally went through , they created an easy to use converter for your accounts .
etrade " loaned " me the money to buy the shares even though i did not enable margin ; of course i was happy to get about 300 " free " shares .
i joined egroups about a month ago , so far it has been working out great .
also , there is a new service at egroups where you can pay $ 4.95 per month and not have the ads show up .
i found that egroups is basically the same as yahoo , with a few less idiots .
now , here 's where yahoo ! screwed it up when it took over the site a couple of months ago -- file sharing is n't as easy as it used to be .
i love ctu and will continue from there all the way to my masters .
the ones i 've joined i 've been invited or referred by the moderator , but egroups does have a nice search engine to help you find what you like .
egroups is by far the most popular site for free email-groups , and it 's very easy to see why .
the premise is simple : a yahoo group is formed by someone to cover a topic of interest to people .
what i like about capella is that they are rapidly working to increase their prestige .
after having done this about 50 times , i have found that etrade executes its orders much faster than datek .
i chose e-trade initially because they seemed to be one of the leaders in online trading , they seemed to have good research , and their prices were n't too bad either .
i have got to say that etrades customer service is not up to par .
i recently was involved in a conversation at work where a capella ph d student was so ashamed of the school for his " in progress " degree that he did not want to mention the name of the institution to the group .
this option is very versatile .
simply because if you get in on one of the hot ipos you 're golden .
i no longer recommend e * trade .
some instructors are good and some are bad .
i was just admitted to the masters of science in management - project management program and my advisor was extremely helpful .
the system is usually very fast , and the messages come to member 's inbox very quickly .
one teacher cut and paste the same comments repeatedly for everything , i often wondered if he actually read anything or just skimmed it and giving a grade .
i am looking at many online universities , and jiu seems to have the best ed.d program in leadership .
the instructors are very inconsistant , but it does n't surprise me as the entire staff seems to be .
i have found the reliability of the system is the same or better than before .
e * trade also happens to have an abundance of site malfunctions .
on the east coast that i met through egroups .
e-trade , from time to time , will have major problems with their service ( translation - you ca n't execute a trade ! ) .
it 's easy to make friends within your group .
the extra you get at e * trade is standard and poor 's stock reports , tracking of insider and institutional trading , and very useful technical analysis from clearstation.com .
occasionally , e-trade may not make the trade instantly which can be costly depending upon numerous circumstances .
my fellow learners are intelligent , hardworking , and have plenty of real-world experience to share .
any and everyone is allowed to start their own list with their own rules and topics . egroups also allows you to post surveys , which can be a lot of fun for large active groups .
this site was great , easy to navigate , easy to sign up for and my favorite part is they do n't fill your email with junk e-mail .
i could n't get in touch with my financial counselor for weeks .
the registration and confirmation of my information was easy and quick , and the service allows nearly instantaneous purchases of items over the internet .
i felt comfortable with the measures they were taking to protect my lists , even though i still did n't like the idea of yahoo !
* intuitive navigation of the site : it 's not easy to make a site as powerful as e * trade easy to navigate for the part-time investor
once you get a hold of a service rep , what you 'll discover is that they do n't know much .
groups ( formerly known as egroups ) , anyone can have a mailing list .
well , i tried it a second time , in netscape instead of exporer , only to be greeted by the same annoying message at the end of the process .
the only problem with egroups now is that their interface is still a bit slow . www.topica.com has a faster interface , but egroups has more features , such as file storage and polls and chat and etc .
the only complaint i 've had at all was that the large amount of graphics made the pages slow to load , even at 56k .
it was n't until here recently that i truly discovered egroups and their entire potential .
i love ctu and it has to have thousands of people joining for a reason everyone is n't dumb .
one must have self-discipline to attend this university .
you never knew whom to call ; you were never informed ; the tuition per credit hour was just a royal hoot for the education being obtained .
to sum up , the e * trade account is great ; do n't believe the hype from the broker camp .
i have also been informed that posts can be delayed if you are using the parental filter feature the sight offers .
2 . ) i was somewhat miffed to have to upgrade to another level of paypal account recently because they instituted a policy whereby if want to receive more than $ 100 worth of funds from a credit card to your free account you either need to refuse the payment or upgrade .
there is in fact some truth to the rumor that administrators have been loose with student private identification information , and that it has been published on the internet .
prior to spring 2000 this is what i thought : etrade is great for access to ipos .
i like nothing about devry actually .
to sum my experience with devrt , " super . "
the material is challenging and learning environment is unique .
the chat , what a great way to get everyone together , without having to go set up your own chat room on a webpage , or use a public one .
as colleges go , sorry umuc just does n't rate very well .
consisting of over 140 members , ecircles.com allows our honor society to send out last minute announcements and all other events with more convenience .
once you get to the search area , however , the task is pretty simple and the results are rather relevant .
my email box is now interesting to read , i get email on topics that i am interested in !
now that i am at the end of my bachelor 's program , i feel so unfulfilled that i am going into a ( real ) school for my master 's .
all you have submitted are accusations that have not went forth to determine ctu as an unfit educational institution .
uop financial aid department lacks professional workers which are rude and condesending .
in searching for a financial service , i wanted one with a variety of services and etrade has it all : insurance , home mortgage , banking , credit cards , and brokerage .
egroups has never added me to a list i did n't want to be on , or sent me any spam .
egroups is easy to sign up for .
what ever the uop lacks in interaction , it makes up for in developing discipine , leadership and planning skills .
the good part of egroups is that you can send out messages to everyone in your group and have some good conversations via email .
some have had good experiences and some have had bad , do n't discount uop if you do n't know anything about it .
e * trade , on the other hand , has a huge jumble of advice and opinions and trading tools and real portfolios and watch portfolios and there 's just no easy way to do anything .
one of the worst things about capella is that it does n't integrate technology into its courses .
if you want to buy a degree , capella may be your choice , if you want an education , find someplace else .
there are a couple of not-very-flattering facts that you should know about e-trade .
and there are constant glitches - a few times a month some of the features stop working ( portfolio , sometimes during trading hours ) this is annoying , but you are still able to execute trades .
uop provides a solid education and forces students to develop a sound understanding of computer technologies .
execution times are among the best in the business .
the egroups service is top notch and i have never had problems
egroups now also offers a chat function for each list , so members of your list all have a place to go and chat if they wish .
i have two of my own which were very easy to set up and edit .
the field reps ( some-most ) are rude and do n't want to do their jobs .
creating an account and managing it is extremely easy .
there is barely a time throughout each course in which you feel you can just slow down ; be thankful for your two-week break between each course !
the prices are pretty good compared with other brokerages like schwab and fidelity online trading , however , waterhouse cost $ 12 for any of the above trades .
now the beauty of it is that there are groups on lots of stuff .
i opened my account with e * trade because there were no account maintenance fees .
it is a total joke of a school .
my financial counselor and her manager dropped the ball , when i called to speak with another manager or director they put me on hold for 25 minutes which was convenient for them because at that point it was after 5:00 pm mt .
books were community college level or lower .
my first complaint is that when i opened the account , i did not notice that etrade had credited my account $ 50 , so i called their customer service .
the commission fee is high at $ 20 per trade , but you get unlimited free realtime quotes , and lots of research options .
they 've also got lousy customer service ( only wit capital 's is worse ) .
i had some issue with a professor not even grading the work we turned in .
for those who have that mindset about capella , you need to be put away for insanity ( or for frivolous motivations ) .
i think university of phoenix online provides excellent educational opportunity for professionals who work full-time and want to persue with a graduate program in mba .
i have not had a problem with paypal 's service and have not had any problems with my payments .
and best of all the service is completely free to listowners and users .
the one drawback is that some brief ads will be inserted into messages on the lists .
money magazine also rated e-trade highly and gave them high marks for most of the criteria .
yahoo has there own version but i am very happy with e-groups and the realtionships i have formed so i will stay there .
drawbacks are that on digest you do not get hmtl mail and also attachments are deleted .
ecirlces has great features that help you keep in touch :
this has allowed me to rate their site as ranging from bad to less bad during these times .
i immediatley call customer mis-service at etrade .
devry is definitely not for everyone .
i fully intend to sue e * trade for the profits lost and the taxes i 'll now have to pay because of their conflicting communications . their customer service was no help in resolving this .
in exchange for it being a free service , small banner ads run across the posts to the lists , but i think this is a small " price " to pay for being able to maintain a list for free .
at e * trade , they will put you on hold for about 10 minutes before they have someone talk to you .
the requirements and demands are rigorous .
e * trade also charges for some things ( such as real-time quotes ) that other brokers give away for free .
egroups is also free , which is a very nice bonus .
i have noticed several times since being registered at egroups that i get signed up for groups i did not request to be signed up for from an account that is not mine and i do n't know the password to .
they receive checks that are sent as payment and do n't process them in a timely manner and then sell the customer 's stocks for not meeting their deadline ! ! !
if you are looking for a place to keep in touch with far away relatives , friends , business associates , or pc pen-pals , ecircles is the place to go !
the use of teams with members scattered all over the globe made for some long nights and difficult coordination to complete the class assignments .
the site is flexible , giving you the ability to receive individual emails , periodic digests of posts , or just to read off the web .
i graduated with a degree in business ( mba ) and i have to say this their faculty is top ranked .
i did however stumble across some really vulgar groups out there while looking for a group to exchange jokes .
i 'm also shocked at how knowledgable all the staff i 've spoken with are .
other features include : email moderation , where the list owner/creator approves of how the list is run , customized settings of the list in its categorization , a more informative help center , better search engine so you can find the list you want and not even see the adult-content lists if you want , and a dozen languages to be translated in .
this caused a delay in the closing date of a real estate purchase and a significant amount of hassle and frustration for me .
the nice thing about having the family together on one egroup is the calendar option .
the e * trade bank account allows you to use e * trade as your checking account .
aside from the one biology teacher , i 've had nothing but stout cooperation from most of my teachers .
calls typically take half an hour each , with little or nothing to show for it .
i found out the hard way when trying to collect my tax form after already taking many courses .
i like wish list which helps get the right gift for the right date for someone special .
trust me , i work in teams every day at work and these " team assignments " are nothing like the real world .
in all these areas e * trade is a disappointment .
i go the seattle campus and in the cis program and agree the that school is expensive .
at that point , capella will become much , much more selective , which will then increase its prestige .
i had originally joined etrade because it was the best and first broker to really go online .
i am enrolled at ctu online in thier masters of science/management program .
e-trade has ignored me , lied to me , argued with me , sent me canned e-mails , and has yet to have a live person apologize to me .
well , i just so happen to have about that much so i am taking steps to do that because it costs too much to close the account and e * trade is convenient for me .
there is an impressive amount of research data
i say that by the time you reach college , your social skills should already be developed and the focus should be on training you can actually use .
if you get adventurous enough to explore them , there are some other advanced features each list can take advantage of .
i ? ve been a member of the free web service egroups ( also known as onelist ) since april 2000 and so far i love
we still have more meetings than are necessary but egroups has reduced a lot of this travel .
at capella that kind of thing is very rare .
this site is full of disgruntled students and obvious uop staff posting comments .
my academic and financial advisers have only changed once and do a much better job than the first ones .
the e-trade order went the whole day unexecuted .
i thank god for the creation of something so great for my education .
i currently attend devry and my first 2 teachers are excellent so far .
egroups is free to use for opt-in lists and is easy to manage .
maybe it has nothing to do with your " personal experiences " , maybe you ought to look beyond your crappy day at the student finances office .
the next day , i get a call from a very rude man from e * trade .
most of my classmates stayed together through the entire program , and they were great .
to continue , their alerts about account activity take a very long time to arrive .
onelist connected me to a world of fans who gave me all the newest info on tour dates , new albums , downloads , pictures , and just about anything else a fan could ask for .
etrade makes that argument more compelling .
at devry university the professors go out of there way to make you understand the material giving you extra time to absorbed the concepts ( naturally you have to show interest and willingness to learn ) .
in my opinion , etrade should move to the head of the class .
e-trade has been one of the two online brokerages i have used , and i 've generally been happy with the service .
i have a lot of fun with my e-group .
course workload is daunting , but you ca n't beat the flexibility .
weathered through these frustrations to continue my program .
well , i was lucky , because ecircles is great .
uptime has been great on the service , and i find upgrades to usually bring features i had in mind - so it 's clear they are listening to investors .
remember , devry is an accredited university , and as such they are judged by the same standards as all other accredited institutions .
i recently transferred my credits to ctu , no problem , to complete my degree .
and the customer support is sub-par .
the transfer process took forever and nobody had any idea of its status .
i am in technical mgmt at dupage campus ; illinois . no matter what you say devry is a great school .
i have to admit , i have learned twice as much in this school , with this set up and schedule , than in any other college .
you can get discounts on a lot of things for becoming an etrade customer including frequent flyer miles and pcs .
i could see etrade 's service deteriorate over time as they seemed to ignore small investors like me .
so you see , it is entirely possible to use this site as a tool to help you find the next stock pick of the year .... i will definitely be using this site in my daily research .
this led me to look at what others are saying and " some " are saying that the school is lousy from their experiences also and they are currently in the program .
i 've had a great experience at umuc .
egroups is a great service for people who like the interaction of chat rooms , but do n't want to spend time in a room .
i became so unhappy with e-trade that i have decided to move my
on the good side , yahoogroups has added some useful features to the egroups interface .
egroups is a free e-mail list community .
the devry accounting system looks like 1960 's print out .
english teachers are called upon to instruct speech as well as philospohy , and maybe math .
the people that are in the classes are the most illiterate , incompetent bunch of brain dead zombies you 'll ever encounter .
you can easily advertise your egroup on your website ( the html coding is provided by yahoogroups ) and have interested parties click a button to join your mailing list .
searching for a group you are interested in is very simple and a search on a key word will usually generate hundreds of choices .
the web site is very user friendly and contains a lot of great information
all seem to execute trades quickly , and the websites are easy to navigate .
in the few times i have sent questions to customer service they have replied promptly and knew what they were talking about .
ctu is a for profit school so of course their recruiters are going to try really hard to get you to attend .
moderating everyone can be useful in a contentious list , or a big pain in a very busy one .
i would suggest this site to anyone .
i am working with an advisor for ctu and she is really friendly and non pushy .
on order executions , i 've never had too much of a problem , but i 'm not an active investor , and i 'm not looking to see executions in nanoseconds .
luckily , egroups allows you to choose to moderate individual list members , or even ban those complete freaks who do n't belong on your list .
to my amazement there were tons of communities that were full of wonderful military spouses who were in the same situation i was in .
for people who are not used to computers or internet forums , these classes would be great .
why should you be rewarded when you deliver a bad product ?
from an academic point of view , the faculty is great for the most part .
i had so many problems with etrade so i wanted out .
i 've taken 4 proctored exams . 1 of them was never sent and 1 was missing an entire page when received by the instructor .
i 'll use it for longer-term investing , but clearly that price is too high if you want to do fast-turnover trading .
i have used the service for nearly two years and i like the profile and the fact that i can manage all my list options on one page .
real-time quotes are quick , although the web-site is not .
most of these features are self explanatory , so i won ?
i can imagine that many of the online brokers are going through some growing pains , but e-trade 's customer support is absolutely the worst !
take your money elsewhere -- e * trade is horrible !
if you are looking to meet new people , chat daily through e-mail , make new friends , share parenting tips , etc. . . egroups is the thing for you !
as a ctu grad , i can say that ctu is on par with any traditional school in the country .
i am a student in axia college of university of phoenix , and about to enter my second block of classes .
this is a regionally accredited school with qualified instructors .
however , in some calendar programs i can say that the event occurs every week and therefore do not have to input the event every time . ecircles does not offer this , so it makes the calendar a little weaker of a utility .
i signed on for the free one month trial , and found that the " advanced = o " analysis and reviews were certainly overrated , and decided to not continue with the premium service .
you can learn ( teach yourself ) but you do not learn much from the students .
fun characters to represent the users
the photos are a little expensive , and opening the order page requires closing the main browser window , which really bugs me .
the only problem i had was the fact that financial aid called every week of the trimester and still screwed my bill up .
the thing about ctu that people do not understand is that their course are degree specfic .
devry is an incredibly competent school that has taught me more in my first two semesters , than i have learned from 23 years of life .
it was n't until late at night in may that i realized just how important this group would be .
but i use e * trade quite a bit as well , as datek and e * trade have very complementary feature sets .
so if you need to be in touch and need to do it for the right price ecircles.com is definitely for you .
on the bad side , etrade does have technical problems often and it is slow to load .
in many of the other community pages , you have a white screen with links all over the page . ecircles seems to organize the topics better which makes it a better system .
i 've had my e * trade account open for well over a year now , and it has n't impressed me as much as i 'd hoped .
i 've been attending ctu online for 8 months and never had a mishap or complaint about it .
one of the best is momwriters@egroups.com .
in addition , e * trade has features they are adding that i may use when they become available .
the messages are easy to read and it is easy to post .
